here we
go
stop guys
Welcome Friends to to fast
topc did I say too fast I meant two
random to PC inspired by roll for
sandwich from Adventures in ardia I am
once again building a PC with absolutely
no idea what will be inside it these
agents of fate or dice as I like to call
them are the real bosses today and
because I am contractually obligated to
sell this machine for
$2 on LTT store.com at the end of this
video I hope they're feeling kind
thankfully for my weak heart there are a
couple of ways that I can Veer this bus
back onto the road first I can earn
rolling with Advantage which means that
I roll two dice and pick the better
outcome but this comes at the cost of
spinning the the wheel of pain which
includes giving away discount codes for
half off anything at LT
store.com uh okay oh my God what are all
these things wet
socks uh okay or oh God I'm allowed one
rroll but I have to eat a dried Carolina
Reaper what is your
problem I don't want to do that
um I might need to though because the
worst case scenario would cost me over
$20,000 ha but it could also cost you
less than $500 oh I like that well one
way or another there is one thing that
can take a little bit of the sting off
our sponsor grammarly at lonus Media
Group we're committed to getting these
videos out to all of you which involves
communication coordination and a lot of
writing that's where grammarly comes in
they're an AI writing partner that works
where we work which is great because we
use a ton of different platforms and
upgrading to grammarly premium has saved
our business team even more time thanks
to useful features like tone suggestions
this ensures that the tone of your
writing is never too formal or too
friendly it's not what you say but how
you say it tone matters now we can tell
Linus to stop dropping things so often
without being rude plus with grammarly
premium's app actions feature the
business team team can easily get all of
their work done in one sitting without
needing to constantly switch tabs to get
things done sign up and upgrade to
gramly premium at gram.com
lt05 and I guess the first thing I'm
doing is our case yeah I do not
understand the game yet so we're going
to have to count on games master David
to guide me through this a little bit I
can see a few things from myself we have
a variety of cases including our Star
Trek Picard Borg cubes s White Edition
with a value of $600 the Aza overdrive
which looks like something between a
space ship and like a weird VL aircraft
an AAC cast 808 that has a gowing top
panel the dark where the devil did you
find this that's from that ancient candy
shop themed uh uh Tech Showdown episode
that is absolutely fantastic we've got
EVGA DGA are we allowed to give it are
we're allowed to give it away I thought
EVGA needed it back nope oh that oh you
want that one this case is so cool it
has built-in like front VR HDMI stuff
and all kinds of cool stuff like that
we've got the height y70 touch we have
the very dirty CM Stormtrooper from the
PS5 killer video and finally the game km
cylinder case for two there's two there
oh my my God if you roll a natural one
you get the mining rig SL shelf from the
tech
shop wow it's very shelfy there's wait
wait there's one more case over there
there's another case and that's the 10
no oh no did your 10 did your $20,000
worst case scenario include this yes
okay this is a really really special
piece this is the Le and Lee
pc6 yacht case and according to our
Logistics Department uh we shouldn't get
rid of this because it is one of only
500 made and the last one that sold on
eBay was a couple of years ago and went
for over
$10,000 uh it's also Mini ITX so if we
get this one um we have a different path
of stuff oh we have a completely
different path for the hardware that's
going to have to go in it oh I really
don't want to lose the Odyssey all right
so I need a 10-sided die for this one
then right correct and what do I have to
do if I want to roll with Advantage spin
the wheel I have to spin the wheel and
there's some challenges there's some
punishments okay all kinds of stuff well
this seems like one where you know
what we are not going to spin the wheel
I am going to trust the Fate to be kind
to me today Glenn if you're trying to
capture this role I'm going to aim for
here there's your there's
your okay all right here we
go eight I wasn't paying attention to oh
that's the oh well that's a fun one yeah
good this will be a sick build we are
going to be building in the oh God
that's heavy in the Aza overdrive with a
value of
$600 which is pretty good for you
actually because some of these cases
were missing a lot of their hardware and
probably weren't really that practical
whereas this I don't even know if we
ever built in this thing I think this
was just featured in that weird cases
video okay there's a couple of other
things that we're going to do kind of
quickfire here we need to figure out
exactly what kind of a platform we're
building so I guess our next role is
going to be CPU games master David
wandered away though so I guess I'm kind
of on my own here I'm going to go with
an advantage role using the wheel of
pain and we're going to find out what
that's going to cost
me David did you make these up I made
them up this has a very David flavor to
it oh it does doesn't it if it's a
challenge and you lose you get
disadvantage what which means you roll
two dice and we pick the worst result
you didn't even tell me that I'm telling
you right
now okay uh Mental Math okay Mental Math
you have 30 seconds would you do this to
me
okay two questions okay I well if it's
mental do I get to do I get to look at
it no that looks like really big numbers
no no it's fine the biggest number is
three digits uh okay let me start all
right I'm ready I get 30 seconds okay
hold on let me put on my uh I need a
thinking cap we got an LTT store.com hat
anyone any uh I don't see any all right
fine no I'm over I'm over it okay you
ready oh Chase has got one yeah you got
one of the old dad it's okay nice okay
okay thinking cap this is so appropriate
too we've got the automagically cap and
I just want to remind everyone if he
fails it's rolling with disadvantage
okay's trying to capture this so try not
to leave it
around okay I got this three two one oh
I do get to see it oh yeah you get to
see it uh okay uh uh uh okay so in
Brackets we ignore the order of
operations thing with the the thing so
so 900 + 9 is 99 / 9 which
is1 nice next one oh no I have to do
more than one yep go go go go go come on
hell you get another 10s are there in
what in 11 12 of a day in in 2 hours 120
10 seconds F this shouldn't count okay
there isn't the last one oh you got it
oh yeah you did it good job l
sorry I was looking at the clock oh my
goodness hey you get Advantage you guys
are stressing me out here okay we don't
have two dice actually we do uh all
right cool a we're doing uh motherboard
stuff all right I've got yeah so no uh
CPU CPU or CPU and motherboard are
together oh they're together because oh
wow well let's talk about some of the
options that we might have here on the
lower end we've got oh wow an Athlon 200
g with some gigabyte microatx board
total value of 160 bucks you're getting
two whole processing cores
wow sorry Dan did I peek there I was I
was too excited I got really excited oh
uh here you can have your hat back
Chase um sorry
Colin all right okay number two you get
a Crosshair five formula and amd's
highest clocked processor I think ever
the f X
9590 that bad boy hit 5 GHz and the
performance still sucked truly
remarkable remarkable piece of
engineering uh if you roll a three you
get a prime X 299 Deluxe and an Intel
6950x 10 cores not particularly fast
cores by today's standards but you do
get 10 of them we step up to an
8700k in number fourth place you get a
five you get an what is this oh weird
this is is a an matx board but it's the
skinny chicken matx board that I've ever
seen and it looks like it has a mobile
chip soldered to it with their own
designed heat spreader on it or
something what the what the devil is
going on with this thing that is wild
the pull star this ain't your this ain't
your Rich uncle's pull star 0 to 60
ain't going to be quite what his is uh
number six is a 12 600k oh my goodness
so if we end up anywhere in the top half
you are getting a sick gaming rig number
seven is an 11 900k number eight is it
so once we get to the last three then
you can still once you choose a
motherboard there's three CPUs you can
roll oh so you could get an msib 550
board but you could end up with anywhere
from a quad core ryen 3 to a 12 core
ryzen 9 all right and in the last two
man you get either a top-of-the-line AMD
system ryzen 7000 or a top-of-the-line
Intel system with a 12 13th or 14th Gen
processor all right I'm ready so I get
to roll two 10-sided dice uh Glenn where
do you want it you want it right here
all right here we go here we go here we
go okay seven and six so you get six huh
well hold now hold on a second with
seven I've got the higher end board here
so that's going to cost me 160 bucks and
I've got the higher-end but but older
generation
CPU oh that's a tough choice in terms of
what I'd rather give away I might
actually rather the older
chip rather than the newer but
supposedly lesser
platform yeah this is this is only an
eight core CPU and okay four of these
are e cores but that's that's a that's a
10 core CPU you know what you are
getting an 11
900k and an NZXT N7 N7 z590 actually not
a bad little combo not a bad little
combo okay we're going to put this next
to our case and I guess now we get to
roll for our Ram is that right yes so
that's a DDR five platform or four uh
ooh depends what this board is
I guess I didn't
ask ddr4 ddr4 so we're rolling our ddr4
stack which is four-sided dice those are
your four options all right do I want to
do I should I do another challenge yeah
let the chat decide yeah yeah yeah do
punishments you're not the one who gets
to decide that the chat gets to decide
that all right let me get let me get my
float plane chat up here what do you
guys think hope you guys are enjoying
the stream so far by the way if you're
just tuning in now it's roll for PC the
sequel so far we have rolled the Aza
overdrive a $600 case and an 11900 k and
a z590 motherboard from NZXT so we are
up in the neighborhood of around
$11,000 cost for a system that I have to
sell for two things can still get they
can't really get better can they because
we can only go higher above what I'm
selling it for
but they could get a lot worse they say
do it do it do it do it do it do it yeah
chat H all right you know float plane
chat I thought we were cool I thought we
were chill I thought you were my friends
my my my paid or my paying friends uh
you know all of my relationships seem to
revolve around money um I need friends
oh discount hey oh a discount so we have
so I get a I get a discount on the items
that I have to pick no we're giving a
discount on LTT store.com and the first
one we're giving a discount on LTT store
yeah so if you're watching the stream
you can go on LTT
store.com you can buy any screwdriver
and get one bit set for free you have to
add the screwdriver in the bits of the
cart then apply code uh please ensure
this is communicated I'm communicating
it now and there's unlimited uses for
the duration of the stream okay that's
that's not too bad there's three and
they get much worse or better for you oh
yeah cuz that seemed like just like a
promo like I'm fine with that you guys
want to get a screwdriver go for it oh
yeah yeah wa wait wait the code oh might
need that is uh random bits random bits
all one word all one words capital R and
B but I don't know if that matters
probably not all right okay that's not
so bad oh no discount is on here a lot
there's three I see okay so you get
anywhere from a single 8 gig stick no
dual channel for you to a dual 8 gig
3600 kit to a 4X 8 gig but slightly
lower higher latency okay you 32 gigs
wow or if you get a four you get a
Vengeance RGB 64 gig kit that's like
super fast and low latency and all that
good stuff or actually no decent speed
not super high speed that's is this ddr4
this must be the ddr4 that's fine we'll
find that's the one R you want to roll
right there all right let's go ahead and
roll it now a a a clarifying point for
oh three wait hold hold on don't you
want to do a challenge yeah I I I I I I
did do it oh yeah so I we only have one
force out of die so just roll it twice
okay so I got a three and I got a
one
oh I feel kind of bad but like that's
the rule man this cost me only 20 bucks
and I I I I did technically do the
challenge you know what though you know
what I'm not going to I'm not going to
cheese it I'm not going to cheese it a
free bit set on a screwdriver I'm not
going to cheap out on you I want you to
get a decent system we're going to take
the 4X 8 gig kit however however with a
caveat if we have any trouble getting
this quad stick kit to boot then I am
immediately going to bail on it and
we're going back to the single stick of
Viper 3200 all right
deal deal deal yeah I mean I don't know
if you're talking to me with the chat
yeah no I I I I I here I'm going to take
my dice here yeah please all right is
there anything else that we need to do
now you had wanted us to do a cooler Co
we should do cooler because we might end
up with something incompatible and if
that's the case then it could be trouble
you know what I don't mind this wheel
that much I'm actually kind of liking
the wheel but there is one of the rules
that I wanted to clarify a little bit
David okay for the pepper roll yeah do I
have to decide ahead of time if I want
to be allowed to roll it and I have to
eat a Pepper or do I get to roll a die
and go no I need to roll this I you get
you get to roll it and then eat the
pepper and I will eat the pepper with
you so you don't feel sock quite soone
wow what a guy I did it yesterday to
make sure that I wasn't going to kill
you I still might kill
you I see uh excellent okay well let's
have a look at our options here we get
anything from a stock cooler not much to
say about this other than hey at least
you can turn the computer on I mean
given we ended up with what was it an
100K you might be able to turn the
computer on so uh good luck with that uh
to a Cooler Master hyper 212 Evo yeah
should be should
be should be uh we've got an assassin
x120 uh yeah this is I mean this is a
great cooler actually really good for
the price the fact that it's only 20
bucks is kind of mindblowing we've got a
noctua
uh oh yeah nhu12s
dck also a really nice cooler a little
pricier but you know hey I guess the not
to a brand name carries some a bit of a
premium we've got a dark rockite uh for
a 100 bucks from be quiet and we've got
an NHD 15 also for $100 so I am going to
be selling this computer for $2 and for
the cooler itself I will be spending
anywhere from $0 which we lied before
David I can end up not going up in terms
of the cost anywhere from zero dollar to
a 100 and I'm Gonna Roll the wheel of
pain which so far hasn't hurt me that
badly but uh discount okay
oh you didn't wait this did you no are
you sure I don't want just discounts I
wanted to Pepper them up throughout yeah
that's fair second discount code is free
shipping worldwide any quantity of items
it's limited to the first 100 uses
though any quantity any quantity of item
one per person one per person I'm not
how sure that works you can only make
one order one
order I didn't make
these okay that one's really expensive
that's like costing way more than the
computer only 100 uses do you have any
idea how much shipping to like freaking
Europe costs we're about to find out
aren't we the code for that get ready
only only 100 uses of this random free
ship again random free ship all one word
okay
uh first letter is
yes
punishment you get Advantage now uh oh
man I've got the thing where I actually
have kind of a
headache that one that one was really
expensive normally even if we do a crazy
free shipping promo we uh we limit it to
like orders over a certain value so we
have some hope whatsoever of making back
um some of the shipping cost on the on
the product margin all right I got a
four and a two I mean honestly those are
both pretty good coolers you get a hyper
212 for 20 bucks or you get
a um a noctua noctua version uh for 50
bucks I'm not feeling particularly
charitable so I guess you get the hyper
212 Evo uh realistically this is going
to be this is going to be fine for an 11
900k and that should have no
compatibility shouldn't have any
compatibility issues should work fine
all right do I get to build computer for
a little bit here or I think you should
answer some merch messages or I have a
feeling there's going to be some merch
messages given that we just gave away
free shipping on 100
orders really are we not doing merch
messages today we are we just don't have
any to curate everybody's just like free
shipping wo free bits set thank you get
wck lonus Long Live
David that's it thanks for the free
shipping thanks lus that's fair enough
be good to give away Linus's money I got
to say this reminds me of that old show
on Comedy Central WI Ben Stein's Money
oh yeah where the host would actually
have his own money at stake is at least
the premise of the show I don't know if
I ever actually confirmed that he
legitimately had his own money on the
line it's certainly a really cool idea
for a for a uh for a bit for the show
but uh it seems kind of hard to believe
maybe if you guys know if anyone in chat
knows
if benstein actually had his own money
on the line for the show that would be
uh that' be pretty cool to know I'm
going to go get my laptop so I've got
chat I mean I guess this is kind of a
regular PC Building stream as well we've
got our motherboard here which uh I
haven't played around with NZXT boards
much to be perfectly honest with you but
it looks really nice this is going to be
a sick looking machine and act oh no
David we may actually run into a comp
compatibility issue oh the cooler uh I
don't know if there's enough height
clearance we can we in this the NAA will
fit what you can't just you can't just
take away my advantage I should get to
take away your discount code then I'll
take hot sauce no it's not my discount
code it's our discount code thank you
comrade David I'll do I'll do hot sauce
I think the deal I was going to make no
this isn't going to fit either oh that's
not the small one I have a smaller one
it's a height issue but we have 11
900k oh no we're going to put we're
going to put we're going to uh uh oh man
uh we we may need to put an aiio in it I
think that might be the only option okay
uh I can go get one hold on hold on hold
on I
mean it's the random PC We Can't Break
The Rules true I think we might just
have to get the hyper 212 in there
uh you know what want get the angle
grinder from 105 I don't make the rules
I don't make the R I literally I'm not
making the rules today so I think I
think the hyper 212 has to go in there
uh let's get the CPU in the socket first
and then things are about to get
extremely interesting uh let's make sure
there's no bent pins in here or anything
like that no that all looks good to me
make sure our pads on this chip are
clean man this is going to be a really
weird machine so you're going to have a
great CPU you're going to have a
motherboard that at least looks good I
don't know anything about the
performance of the N7 z590 from NZ XT
it's going to have this sick looking
armor on it it's going to have a really
janky cooling solution and it's going to
have anywhere from I think it was uh 32
gigs of ram in this kit whoops I put
these in backwards uh 32 gigs of ram in
this kit to just8 gigs if this kit
refuses to boot immediately
how you guys doing float plane chat how
you doing YouTube chat you guys enjoying
the stream so far
today I fix it yeah I fix it is not
going to be the kinds of tools that we
need in order to uh make that thing fit
so good luck everybody I think my float
plane chat actually isn't updating now I
think that was from before the stream
even started oh interesting no no I
figured out my problem I'm not on the
live tab there we go
all right I've got live float plane chat
now oh oh and I've got live audio all
right CPU motherboard and RAM installed
let's go ahead and pop this over to I
don't know um Chase do you mind making a
a pile of that or something there hey
there we go all
right let's map this out and figure out
exactly what our options are for making
this cooler fit in this case so it looks
like our motherboard orientation is
going to be oh what
Oh weird see I was kind of expecting
just based on the dimensions of the
motherboard tray it was going to kind of
go in this way and then I was like no
wait what about the io no the io is
going to be at the back and it's going
to go in a little something like this
meaning our
cooler is like right under
here oh boy now I see some thumb screws
I see some uh oh I don't actually have
my screwdriver on me how embarrassing uh
may I please have my tech saac it's just
in the main pouch there yay thank you I
see some thumb screws here but they're
all so tight from the factory that I
can't undo any of them but I don't know
if the frame
itself is going to interfere with us
putting a cooler there what's kind of
neat about this case though is it looks
like pretty much everything is assembled
with screws I don't think I see a single
rivet on this thing so
conceivably we could excuse me we could
kind of rip off a bunch of pieces from
this side of the case and we could just
make it
fit
oh or you could just never close the
door I mean that's an option right will
that help though that they look oh I see
you're going to take that part of the
frame off oh yeah oh yeah bud no you
know what I'm actually feeling pretty
good about this I think we're in good
shape so you're just going to have like
a like a a one-sided drop top PC the the
convertible PC except I don't know who
David here's a tough question do we ship
them the rest of the hardware or do they
just get what they
get I think we should ship them the rest
cuz if we keep it it's literally waste
all right We Will We Will We Will Ship
the rest of the hardware to whoever buys
the PC do we have uh any Allen keys
because I may need some Allen keys in
order to take this apart enough to get
that cooler on
there did he say how to be eligible to
buy the computer I I don't think we have
yet but it's going to be up on LTT
store.com
and uh you know what I don't want to say
anything because I might say the wrong
thing we've definitely had some ways of
handling limited quantity item purchases
in the past uh when we did uh the
verified actual gamer program for
example we had people play a game and
the first one to complete the game was
able to purchase it uh we've had ones
where we just kind of put it up at a
random time on the store and the only
way to get it is to just kind of be
lucky enough to be on the store at that
time so it's really going to depend I
sincerely doubt that these are going to
be Imperial I suspect these are going to
be metric do I have a oh I have a uh I
do have a metric set as well y I've got
it
uh well it's definitely metric but this
Imperial hex definitely fits so mission
accomplished no I'm I'm going to I'm
going to grab the proper metric one uh
Dan do you have any merch messages for
me yet I do I have a couple here let's
see what we have uh thank you Linus for
sacrificing your wallet and Sanity for
entertainment uh these are all curated
they're not supposed to be where are
they there we go would you ever consider
having an LTX in the UK for the British
audience let me put it this way uh LTX
is on Perma temporary Perma Hiatus right
now because the economics of it among
other reasons the economics of it just
couldn't be made to make sense that was
when we were doing it locally um doing
something like that in the UK I think
would be extremely challenging we have
plans we hope to run a series of like um
like land SL orts SL gaming events here
in Vancouver at the hopefully at the
Badminton Center but depending on how
our negotiations go with the city of
Suri that may or may not happen so if
you happen to be a Sur resident and you
happen to want to see gaming events uh
here in our in our fine City then uh now
is as good a time as any to express that
in some way that makes sense to you if
things get dire and you know like we do
have some meetings lined up with them
and I'm I'm still hopeful that as long
as you know everyone's approaching this
in good faith and you know trying to
together that we can get something done
um and if things get more dire though
I'll definitely get more specific about
what you can do to support our efforts
uh this is extremely
janky so in order to get this one off
I have to undo this which undoes the
front fan like this is all one piece so
here's what we're going to do we're
going to
try we're we're going to try and keep
this piece
in David how the devil do they expect
you to put a GPU in this thing does it
come with a riser I have a
riser cable what is this case I can look
in the the box I brought it back so that
we oh yeah no it comes with one
yeah it's got a riser so we just got to
figure out where that GPU goes and we've
also got to figure out where the devil
our Hardware is are we supposed to have
any hardware for it ah it's probably in
the Box wow what a unique
case let's see if we're going to be able
to get this cooler in
here sure I'm glad I picked the lower
profile of the two I think the hyper 212
is ever so
slightly um smaller no I think it's
actually about the same size as the nhu
whatever whatever it was that we were
looking at okay oh oh
oh this is
close brother this is this is some
borderline stuff right here are you guys
seeing this okay here's what I'm going
to do here's what I'm going to do I'm
going to
put uh can you take this one off yeah
I'm going to put this thumb screw back
in here here we go here we go
yeah no no no we're going to make it
David we're GNA make it we're going to
make it till we break it we're going to
break yeah breakage is definitely a
guarantee for the system uh let's see if
I can get this lined up uh David I might
need to lean on you to help get this
screw back in because I think my angle
is not great and I think uh watching me
try to struggle with it is not going to
be that entertaining for the people so
uh good luck with that all right cool
let's get oh wow
uh it's a used cooler I I don't know if
we had mentioned that but the cooler is
in fact um quite having been definitely
used before uh Glenn are you on the
closeup generally oh yeah there we go
there you go Dan give a give it back to
Glenn uh we got some compound on here
hey hey David I didn't actually see
thermal compound uh on their list of
items that they're allowed to have so do
I just reuse what's on there or what uh
I brought thermal compound that's not
part of the challenge but if you want to
reuse it not going to stop I I'll put
some thermal compound on you didn't
happen to find any um any mounting
hardware in that box you uh it's all
here oh wonderful okay I'm going to need
some motherboard standoffs first and
foremost and oh wow what is all this
stuff we've got like man these are heavy
we've got like big metal panels let's
have a look at this man this is
entertaining I I mean at least for me I
don't know you guys might be like oh
this is boring go back to painting pl's
car I I have no idea but I'm having fun
all right here we
go
man okay you know how I've talked about
how uh I will Dole out Shadow bands for
any take that is just so bad that you
couldn't possibly ever say anything
worth listening to ever
again anyone who commented on the plof
car upgrade video that what we should
have done is buy him a new car while
he's on vacation you're Shadow banned
that is such a stupid take like man I
saw man like oh it's just unbelievable
the number of people it was it was less
than 10 but it was a lot more than one
that were like man what a cheap you know
I don't have my swear bleeper button but
you know what a cheap thing you know
lonus doing whatever if he had any
respect for his team he'd have bought
the guy a new car I'm like did people
really say that that's not how that
works that's not how anything works the
not it's not how life works that's and
and that's not a video I can't I can't
make a video of me just going to a car
dealership like that what is wrong with
you he's right he can make a video about
giving poof a car but he definitely
could make a video about giving me a car
yeah that would be great content you
have a nice car yeah but
could you wouldn't even need the upgrade
as badly as he did no he's actually he's
got a really nice car like his car me
too uh all right let's go ahead and get
a couple standoffs in here this case uh
really cool definitely a bit of a pain
in the butt to work with um how on Earth
am I supposed to get these standoffs in
the the the H the the tapping is not uh
it's not clean enough for me to put them
in by hand and I don't think I have
enough clearance like I'm one of the few
people on Earth who actually carries
around who daily drives a little
standoff driver but I don't think I have
enough clearance to get it in here lonus
there may be metric standoffs instead of
the standard Imperial uh no no that's
not the issue okay uh it's just that
they uh that they just are not going in
very
easily H um oh man these are oh buddy oh
come on okay give me a merch message
yeah sure uh hey lonus would you ever
play against me in beats saber I would
like to play against the man himself oh
I mean I'd be happy to assuming we can
get those gaming events going uh I
played against people in the crowd uh
when we did wh land at LTX and I would
love to do something like that again I
got beaten I got beaten by one person um
everyone else you know you try you
played hard but uh was not that close
but one person got me they played a
really really solid game by the way I
saw quite a few comments that I am not
that good at beat saer because I did not
complete fitbeat on Expert Plus I will
have you know that it was cut from the
edited version of the video but lwig
setup was scuffed uh the base stations
were too close for one thing and I don't
know if that even explains the uh the
hitching in the animations in the game
you couldn't tell from the capture but
it was it was stuttering a lot so there
were tracking issues and maybe also
rendering uh like frame time smoothness
issues that made it
extremely difficult the only reason I
was able to get as far on the level as I
did is because that's one that I'm quite
familiar with so I have a fair bit of
muscle memory for it but guys lwig is a
fit dude a coordinated dude I don't
think he hit one block that should give
you some idea of how broken it was um so
I I stand I stand behind um I stand
behind my victory and I uh I say you
know what forget it haters I I'm I'm
decent I'm decent I'm not super good
like as soon as I get into like weeb
music I can't play it at all it's just
well it's one of those things right
where Rhythm games with Community Maps I
suspect definitely beat saber but
probably others as
well there's a bit of a tendency you
know like if you are if you're playing
Community m apps for like
ACDC you're going to be
like cuz realistically all the people
playing those maps are boomers whereas
you start getting into like U hatsun
Miku or something and it's going to be
like oh and I failed level I like I
can't even hope to keep up uh all right
let's see if we can figure out the I
always forget how the mounting mechanism
for this bloody cooler works cuz it
almost makes sense
warranty information oh good the
instructions didn't make their way back
into the package that's fine we will
figure it out here's my nut driver
so I've got a nut driver perfect uh I'll
get there in the meantime Dan want to
hit me with a merch message sure sure
sure sure yeah we got some here about
the clear screwdriver what materials did
you try for it and which ones do you
want to try next ideally one that does
not shatter also please don't kill the
project uh that is a wonderful question
and if my name was Kyle uh from the
Creator Warehouse team I would be
thrilled to answer it for you but there
is an extremely high risk if I try to
answer that question right now that I
will say something that is not quite
right um so yeah Kyle or tinan would
know I mean Robert would probably
actually any any of the any of the
engineering folks on the Creator
Warehouse team would probably know but
I'm sorry I do not remember oh wow okay
right yeah I remember this okay but how
does this little plastic piece figure
into
it oh this is AMD I think oh sorry no
Intel instructions H oh wait that's it
and then that wait what why is that why
is that an AMD
CPU you animals you can't do that also
it doesn't include this it doesn't
include this little black thing you know
what I'm going to assume so I'm about to
make an ass of you and me but I'm going
to assume that it goes there protect the
motherboard PCB from getting scratched
up while you tighten it down or
something there we go I'm going to go
with that and we're going to hope for
the best yeah there you go Glenn you got
that sir perfect
yep that's a wonderful solution we all
hope all right Dan hit me with another
one sure sure sure oh we're almost ready
for another role aren't we almost
recently got into keyboard building do
you have a strong preference on keyboard
switches linear tactile silent Etc this
question is also for plof if he's around
uh I don't think he is around today I
saw them all at uh at like a whole team
like lunch meeting thing right before I
came over here so I suspect he's not
kicking around right now um the reality
of it is um I like I like Cherry MX
Browns cuz I'm um a pleb and you can you
can judge that I don't care um I like
them because I'm used to them and for me
keyboard switches are less about the
feel and more about just like how
comfortable is it for me to type on them
and so for that reason familiarity is a
is a is a benefit so I use cherrymx
Browns on my g710 Plus at home or at
work and you know what like look guys
I'm not going to apologize for it
because from my point of view a big part
of the reason for using mechanical
switches is those 50 million 60 million
in some cases I think they're rated to
like a 100 million but I'm not sure if I
believe that but these but these many
tens of millions of cycles of of
durability and so if you're going to say
yeah I'm a mechanical keyboard
Enthusiast so I change my mechanical
keyboard every you know 3 months I'm
kind of sitting here going yeah but that
wasn't the point was it um and it might
be the point to you you know some people
really like the sound right some people
are really into the sound and the feel
and for them it's it's about you know
different it's about different flavors
you know varieties of spice of life and
that's totally valid but my way is also
valid I buy this keyboard one time I use
it for many many many years I'm very
used to it I type extremely quickly and
accurately on it and that's what it's
about for me as for at home uh
I this may be my hottest of takes uh oh
I do not use a mechanical keyboard in
the like Enthusiast sense I have a g915
tkl I basically am using a laptop
keyboard whoa but you know what I love
it for gaming I absolutely love it for
gaming I don't type that much at home
and when I do type you know what it's
not that bad I CH is very upset I don't
mind typing on it I like the keyboard I
have experienced some of the reliability
issues that the community has observed
with that keyboard uh I went through one
that developed an issue with one of the
keys I went through no no no no no no
both of them failed the same way
actually I take that back uh both of
mine that have failed failed the same
way so the LEDs seem to have issues for
me but Logitech warranty is what it is
and I was able to get the one that was a
purchased one replaced very easily under
warranty and then for the other one uh
samples don't really have warranty so I
think we just uh I asked procurement to
just buy me a new one um and that's when
I was using that on my desk at work and
then you know what happened was while it
wasn't working while I was waiting for
the new one I switched back to my 710
plus and then I just never put the 915
back once I got the new one in so I just
kind of gave up on it and went back to
my reliable old 710 with the like crappy
old school gasket and the MX Browns I'm
sorry but for me a keyboard is something
that's
very um it's it's it's comfortable I'm
also the same kind of person that uh
almost never replaces my pillow and yeah
I'm sure I'm sure that's like really
wrong and really bad for any number of
reasons but I just man I like I like an
old pillow
man it's it's it's deformed and
misshapen and ugly and uh you know
probably full of like sweat bacteria but
you know what look my pillow is alpaca
wool so it's naturally
hypoallergenic it's
uh it's uh it's my understanding is it
should be relatively uh relatively
hygienic as well to use for a very long
period of time and uh it was quite
expensive so I expect to get many many
years of uh I expect to get many years
of use out of it and I'm not going to
apologize for that nope not going to
apologize for it there's a certain
things that for me are more about
familiarity and less about trying
something
new speaking of trying something new hey
if you ever have trouble you know
reaching into a a tough space might I
recommend the stubby screwdriver
although I feel like uh that sales pitch
is going to fall apart when I try and
put this one right here because I was
able to
I was able to make my way to this one
this one yeah this could this could be
this could be a problem I don't I don't
think it's going to get in there NZXT
what the devil were you guys thinking
and Aza what is up with this case how
the heck is anyone supposed to build a
computer in it do you oh man no the
screw doesn't fit through the the screw
doesn't fit through the shield here
Glenn I can get you I can get you a
better look if you're my closeup if
you're my close-up hero uh yeah that
screw just doesn't go in there so I
think you're not getting a motherboard
screw there folks whoever's buying this
computer you'll have to figure out how
to put that screw in yourself uh there
is at least a couple more that I can put
in okay Dan do you want to hit me with
another one something less controversial
please less controversial don't anger
the keyboard warriors uh what is wrong
with you I'm unsubscribed no okay I got
do you think really what do you think
what did you think of the tandem OLED
display on the new M4 iPad Pro also any
new mark bench updates I am going to
confess to you I um was in script review
with Emily this morning uh we've got a
really cool video coming on De Googling
your life uh so that's what I was up to
when Apple was doing their their keynote
announcing the new iPad Pro uh
truthfully all I really know about it so
far is that it's super thin uh it has an
OLED display it's available in two sizes
and artists are super mad about the ad
that they put out for it where they
basically took a bunch of musical
instruments and and paint and um and and
Artistry tools and put them in a
hydraulic press and then showed the
whole thing getting crushed and being
replaced by an iPad uh that seems to be
that seems to be creating some
controversy which I'm glad that I'm not
at the center of feels good
feels really good um to have it be
someone else's problem however Dan I
asked for one thing I asked for one that
wasn't going to result in any hot takes
and you give me that I've got one I'm
actually with apple on this jeez Apple
didn't Crush
artists that's not their point their
point and I think that there's a high
degree of sensitivity right now in the
in the creative Community uh very
broadly
um toward technology especially with the
way that AI is poised to and and let's
not mince words here right is poised to
steal their work and then resell it
basically repackage it and resell it
with zero compensation whatsoever to the
original artist and that sensitivity
makes a lot of sense they're angry
they're justifiably angry
um but I where I don't follow is um
being angry at the iPad um that's not
what Apple's Apple's not Apple may be a
company that is actively participating
in that movement but I don't think it
has anything to do with what they were
saying about the iPad um I don't think
it has anything to do with the point of
that ad the point was that the iPad is a
tool like all of those other tools and
that can take on the Ro of all of those
other tools but I don't think anyone
anywhere at Apple or otherwise is making
the argument that an iPad is um is a
replacement for the artist like you can
draw on an iPad right like they had the
the paint um the paint cans that were
being crushed and stuff like that you
know you could paint on an iPad um but
that doesn't mean you don't still need a
painter right like a lot of Apple's um a
lot of Apple's mark marketing is really
focused on the aspirations that people
have to to be artists especially in
their pro products right so the whole
like oh this whole commercial was shot
on on iPhone or
whatever doesn't mean you're going to
shoot commercial on iPhone doesn't mean
that you have a creative bone in your
body but that's not their point their
point is that they're selling a a
mindset they're selling a lifestyle
they're selling a um they're selling a a
feeling right of of creativity and art
that I'm an Apple user I'm an artist and
that's how marketing works right and so
I think that's what they were going for
and I think for us to to turn that into
oh Apple's trying to say that artists
are replaceable and that you know art is
dead and everything is digital now I
think it's really disingenuous and I
think it's I think it's a it's a
half-baked attempt to be outraged I
don't think it's I don't think it's real
I don't think it's um I shouldn't say I
don't think it's real I think some of
the people who are angry are actually
angry but I think that they're missing
the point so there's my there's my hot
take and you can point at that anytime
you hear someone say that I hate Apple
because I don't hate Apple I just
usually disagree with them um that
doesn't mean I always disagree with them
and anyone who always disagrees with
someone should not be
trusted this is interesting uh The
Shield comes off before you get to that
too far into that do you want to remind
the audience what they're watching yeah
this is roll for PC 2 where I will be
building a computer with the luck of the
dice and then selling it for $2 so it is
in my interest for the parts that we use
to be as inexpensive as possible um
right now I am struggling with some of
the very random esoteric Hardware
choices that we have well I shouldn't
say choices because none of this has
been by choice but some of the esoteric
Hardware that we've ended up with
because it doesn't assemble very easily
this screw is stuck in this hole do we
have like an iFixit kit handy or
something like that I need
tweezers uh that would be that would be
terrific thank you so much I think I'm
only realistically getting like five
screws in this motherboard so my
apologies for whoever ends up with this
system uh screw two screws per dollars
more than two screws per dollars okay I
only have the reverse ones which I've
never quite been able to figure out um
I'm I'm I'm 100% certain there's a
reason and they're very important but
I've never quite been able to figure out
why I want those instead of the ones
that go the other way but I did manage
to get the screw out with it so I'm
pretty happy about that all right I'm
calling that it on the number of screws
that I'm putting in this motherboard so
you get five now it's time to put the
cooler on and then we get to roll for
SSD which mercifully is still accessible
here cuz I didn't think of it before uh
do we have a paper towel or something
like that yeah no we've got a whole crew
people how many lmers does it take to
obtain a paper towel let's see uh
there's usually one here oh and we might
have some alcohol here
water water
water
um water wow this is going to be some
stale stanky water okay there's no
alcohol realistically you don't really
need alcohol to clean up oh that's wow
that is so much paper towel uh I will
take one half of one of those thank you
very
kindly you want to move me yeah you want
to move me over here yeah sure are we
just getting tired of that view moving
to the left people don't like that side
of
me I mean I assumed I had a good side
but I just didn't know which one it was
I guess now I know showing yeah thanks
what a
guy what a guy I'm not like I can't hear
me oh right he said it's not the one
we're showing there you're
outed okay I mean realistically that's
that's clean enough oh wow a lot came
off hold on one moment
please ah good enough all right
cool uh did I end oh what there's still
thermal goop on the CPU did we not even
clean the CPU before Oh no that's right
I did a quick test fit and I must have
accidentally put it all the way down on
it that's fine that'll clean off really
easy all right there we
go yeah there's going to be some fibers
in there here
there everyone's always carrying a cloth
with
them and this one from LTT store you
know very high quality okay here we go
all right let's put some thermal
compound on we're using nth1
is anyone getting close up no you know
what don't worry about
it there we go cool and perfect Moment
of Truth time guys I just need this
bracket Oh Lordy how am I going to get a
screwdriver in here okay I just need
this
bracket uhhuh and I need to go like this
and then I need to
hope pray
uh
love thanks David anytime set me up so I
can knock it down really appreciate you
and uh wow okay that is
sideways a little bit crooked but but I
have a plan and I'm going to show it to
you there we go we're going to start by
tightening down this screw
then oh wow oh wow then we're going to
tighten down this one oh yeah just a
little you know just a little get that
get that threaded in
there yeah there we go okay yeah so
that's in there a little bit okay then
we're going to tighten down this
one is it very obviously crooked or are
we gonna get away with this
Andrew you're probably okay okay I'm
probably okay because these are
definitely threading in a little funny
which makes it seem like it might be oh
wow what are you talking about that's
definitely crooked was now I know I can
never trust you
again uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah no no no I got I got a plan I got a
plan okay so
for God I can't I can't get a
screwdriver in there stubby is Too Short
The Tall one's Too Tall
oh okay I promise you I promise you that
wasn't a setup that was not a setup for
a sales pitch but we actually do have a
solution for this the stubby driver with
the shaft
extension no it's still too tall you
know what that's fine uh no it's not
Precision you got a Precision oh I do I
do I have I have prototype of the new
Precision it's in my bag I think now
it's a sales pit I hope it was in there
it still wasn't planned oh oh lordy oh
no you can just dig through my bag I
don't have anything private in here uh
okay there it is is four Linus sample of
our new Precision driver look at that oh
detachable magnetic Parts tray that you
can put the thing on to cover it up and
it's all it's all magnetic and stuff and
oh look super super awesome bearing so
you can spin it as a fidget toy while
you look for the bit that you need and
then it can keep spinning uh while you
get it in position and it can keep
spinning while you screw things in and
it's still
spinning
look we know our audience okay we know
that for you guys it's half tool half
fidget toy it's still spinning can I
install the whole cooler before it stops
spinning okay hold on this side I can
use a right regular size driver for no
it hasn't stopped oh I just barely lost
that's okay there we go it's in oh no
um I mean you know that's fine right no
it seems fine what does chat think we
love it yeah thanks thanks chat uh
Eternal Griefer says yeesh uh what does
that uh that's not fine that's fine it's
fine Elijah get back to work no it's
broken God fine leaning tower of artsy
okay a lot of them do say it's not fine
I am seeing those comments I'm just not
reading them out loud I'm doing that H H
that's what I'm doing it's fine it's
fine it's fine let the dice decide
oh okay okay we we let the dice decide
do we have a coin David did you uh coin
did you prepare for that does anybody
does anybody have a coin I feel like
that's getting harder and harder as we
reach insert year plus we could also do
a 20-sided Dice and then everything
above 10 is a seriously not one of the
half a dozen of us has a coin Colin do
they have coin in whatever country
you're from oh they do look at that wow
that's awesome no I know I know I've got
it no
no yes I I'm gonna give it
back jeez this guy he's you know what
there's no such thing as a stupid
question okay uh David you get to call
it okay wait wait heads you have to or
am I calling what you're going to
change no I want you to leave it so what
ever I call that's what we're going with
okay so you want me to leave it I I love
this this is well and like this case is
heat dissipating so you're just
transferring the heat from this to the
case dispersing it everywhere this is
science heads it's a good thing he works
for the writing Department in the
creative role not for the lab okay so
you're call you're calling heads Heads
okay here we go here we go and then
Tails I fix it tails you fix it it's
heads yeah we leave it that's it thanks
Queen Elizabeth Mah still the best
monarch of this
Century it's a low bar though In
fairness all right let's go ahead and
get the fat on
here
uh H yeah yeah we could go this way we
could blow this way sure yeah we're
going to we're going to blow through the
cooler rather than sucking air out of
the cooler man this is this is not going
to go all the way down but I guess it
doesn't really matter okay so I'm just
going to do my trademark little thing
here and then the next thing we're going
to roll for is for SSD let's find out
what kind of storage you're getting uh I
mean I couldn't I couldn't possibly be
eating it that badly on the SSD because
realistically what like a you know 4
tbte what about a 30 terab kokia Sor
what now it's on there the most
expensive is only
$1,500 what where'd you find a $1,500
SSD 8 terab Cy
dice
uh okay hold on what are we looking at
here oh my goodness there's a lot of
different options for drives we've got
everything from an ancient 256 gig a
data SATA drive to a oh wow this is one
of the drives from the old wanic server
a 750 series 1.2
tbte oh that's unfortunate you can end
up with a hard drive drive very slow
eBay refurbished read the sticker LOL
still works but do not use for important
things uh okay well that's something
that you might terab though oh no way
what is this Star Wars Seagate fire Cuda
lightsaber collection 2
tbte swappable face plates for Luke
Obi-Wan or Darth
Vader that
is so
cool uh okay apparently you can't buy
this anymore here's a fake 2 tab drive
from AliExpress and not as advertised
what was the most expensive one then
none of these look that bad the 8
terabyte 8 terabytes of pcie Gen 4
storage uh okay yeah rocket okay so what
you're saying is I don't want to 12 and
you probably want to roll with Advantage
maybe
um no oh okay we are going to trust
we're going to trust fate here 12 12 12
12 oh four uhoh what's a four this one I
have to go get a Micro SD card oh
no oh no
uh well oh my gosh if nothing else dy
over here you are going to end up with a
piece of interesting LT history what is
that this where did we get that yeah
this right here is a 12 micro or 12 10
yeah 10 Micro SD card to SATA adapter
and the idea is that you fill it up with
SD cards right and then yeah there you
go so you're apparently getting a 64 gig
micro SD card uh here we'll put it in
slot number one um like that I think I
that Clips up and yeah there we go there
we go so you put it in like that there
you go and then that goes there and then
that allows you to run an actual
computer off of this which is not a good
idea and you should not do that for
today we have like a Windows drive that
we can play off of but this won't be
going with the computer that's going
with the computer um we did a video
about this a number of years ago so yeah
consider yourself the proud owner of a
piece of uh Curious LT memorabilia other
than that it has pretty much no value
whatsoever tell you what we'll get the
we'll get the live streaming team today
to sign it at least so that you don't
feel completely hosed I can't
um yeah Dan really likes well where do
we how the hell do I even install this
do we have any double-sided tape oh I
see some doublesided tape no no no we
got it David we got it we got some
VHB it's permanent this will be your
actual install Drive okay this will be
our boot drive for today perfect okay
we're VHB in this
boy
Andrew it's a Leatherman moment you
lucky guy thanks
boss he he's he's always oh oh oh we
prob yeah there we go he's always got
the Leatherman on
him uh he's always just oh man he's
insufferable he's so desperate for us to
use it and it always it hurts me every
time I have to be like okay all right
Andrew it's a Leatherman it's a
Leatherman moment and your scissors are
oh my scissors are so dull they're so
dull no you're not user error that's
there's there's no way that's user error
skill issue it doesn't it doesn't it
doesn't snip yeah okay it's bad okay no
no no no tell you what tell you what
here Glenn you want to switch switch to
Glenn for a second here okay here here
Dan oh yeah there which one is it oh
there we go yeah it's working okay okay
all right all right here Mr Mr user
error look look look look you cut it you
cut it yeah yeah yeah yeah
okay you're blocking the view you're
blocking the view he's so desperate for
to work that did not count yeah whatever
that was not scissors that was two
knives it's cook isn't it that was that
was that was the two knife technique two
knife two
furious um which I mean it's kind of on
brand for today honestly speaking all
right let's throw that on there and then
we'll uh oh God okay you know what if
we're gonna if we're going to be stuck
with the knife then we might as well
just use the knife okay how do I man how
do I do that how do I put that thing
back I'm just going to yeah I'm trying
to I'm trying to close it now how the H
how the hell do you close
it push the oh yeah
there no no no no I no I'll figure it
out I'll figure it out there oh there it
is there you go there we go there we go
all right no no no no I got this i got
this um there we go all right we got the
knife have to use that's fair that's
fair
but you know what no I have no comeback
for that you're right if LT store had
one we wouldn't have to deal with with
these clear insufficiencies in the
Leatherman
product all right what's our next role
David it's up to you we can do power
supply or GPU let's do power supply
let's do power
[Music]
supply it's a 11900 or a 10900 in here
uh it's an 11900 let's see how much
power that thing needs all right I guess
we're going to eliminate any power
supplies that don't meet the standard
David um David uh Dan do you want to
give me a merch message while David
figures out our power supplies yeah sure
I don't think we should eliminate I
think we should basically if we low low
roll we try it if it boots that's good
enough if it games if it games okay okay
I wasn't going to eliminate anything I
just want to know all right I'm down lus
lonus whatever happened to to cat
tips um yeah I'll be I'll be real with
you guys I um it never really felt quite
right after uh after the boys made their
daring Escape um and you know I don't I
don't need another video channel project
so between those two things I just
haven't really I haven't really felt the
need to resurrect it um yeah I that's
about all I have to say about that all
right we're going to go ahead and put
this drive right here all right Dan hit
me again sure thing
hi lonus and crew longtime Watcher first
live caught as I just moved to Canada
from the UK I was sad about no LTX 2024
but happy I can catch Live Now what's
your current thoughts on projectors
versus
TVs oh oh there goes the SD card uh
sorry I was just trying to figure out
how these stupid things lock into place
because I think you slide them down and
then you and then you lock them but I
can't remember if they slide if they
slide back or forward or something yeah
they okay they slide that way all right
I understand it now now I man wow this
really this really made it a lot harder
uh having to install this while it's in
there okay and then oh my God uh excuse
me all right uh yeah no I think I got it
there we go okay that's in and I just
want to lock the rest of them so they
don't they're not Flappy doodling around
in shipping I mean what's the worst that
can happen though it's get damaged like
what ever uh oh we didn't sign it oh
balls well we'll do that after the fact
okay cool this m.2 is going in now I
forget what the question was projectors
versus TVs ah okay if you want to go
bigger than 100 in and change there's no
question you will need a projector and
the same is true if you want anything
other than like a standard 16x9 aspect
ratio like if you want to have like a
really cinematic aspect ratio display
the way to do it is with a projector and
if you want to build a you know a home
theater let's say you're a mega baller
you want to build a home theater that
seats 20 30 people you're going to need
a big screen and you are going to need a
projector for basically every single
other application though man I I just
feel like now that the pricing has come
down to what it is on these large format
TVs I just feel like projectors are dead
man they are dead like JBC launched some
new projectors recently that look like
they've got some great features they've
got improved Dynamic tone mapping um
they've got like better contrast than
ever before I think they can outright
turn off some of the pixels or something
like that or they can achieve a very
similar effect blah blah blah blah blah
who cares cuz these things are like I
think they go up to like
$20,000 or they're in like the the 50
$1,000 range or something like that
you're not going to get close to what
you can do with a direct view display
not even close and I can tell you right
now like whether it's family movie night
or whether you got friends over and
you're playing games or whatever it is
that you're doing not having to sit in a
pitch black room even if jvc's image
quality could be could be on par with
that TV having to have the entire room
light controlled sucks
like you okay you can see the snack
you're eating or whatever but like
barely right it's yeah it's it's just
not as good and so you know now that now
that that TCL TV exists now that that
high sense one either exists or is
coming soon I just don't see projectors
competing in the in the hundred to 120
in range basically ever again we don't
know what tcl's price pricing in North
America is going to be like though so
that could be a bit of a um that could
be a bit of
a I don't know a prolonging of the
inevitable for the big projector guys
but for for home for home viewing I just
I just think they're you see that
Samsung TV so expensive they're giving
you an $8,000 free TV okay so I
intentionally left off micro LED okay
and the reason for that is that for the
time being the pricing is just it's not
reasonable like what was the size of
that TV 114 and it cost
$132,000 yeah something like that I
think it's South Korea only right now so
it's not even a skew that exists
elsewhere in the world um and at that
price no I would obviously you would buy
a projector because you're talking about
for a nice projector setup you're
talking about spending on light control
treating your room on a projector on a
screen you're talking about spending a
tenth of what that or or a 20th or or
excuse me a 10th or a fifth for like a
really like really nice setup those
aren't price competitive they're not in
the same range they're not in the same
conversation um and TCL has a microed
wall like competitor that is I think
slightly more reasonably priced but
theirs is a multi-panel one and when I
saw it at CES like Andrew you were there
with me yeah like okay out of 10 how
visible were the seams oh uh like pretty
I don't know eight maybe you got if you
got reasonably close he he gave it an
eight and the thing is that as they age
they can age differently and so as they
age differently those scenes are going
to start to really pop out and it's one
of those things where even if under most
circumstances they're not that
noticeable there's a sudden there's a
hard cut right and the scene change and
you're sitting there you're going like
movie movie movie scene yeah
I don't know I I I I see I see G I don't
want to be quoted on this but I actually
see rollable being long-term the better
solution compared to multi- panel and
this is coming from someone who saw
multi panel as the future back when
Samsung first showed off this the
modular display thing and and what I
liked about it so much was at CES that
year I don't think you were with us yet
at CES that year they had this really
cool demo where they like shifted around
and like turned on and off so they would
be in all of these it was like portrait
for a second and then it shifted to 16
by9 and then it iged to like 21 by9 and
it that's and it really sold me on this
idea that oh I don't buy a TV anymore I
buy a driving box like a commercial
display and I buy panels and then I
configure it and potentially you know
when I need a a brand new HDMI my
standard input or something I'm just
replacing my control box or if I want to
enlarge and I want to take this that was
in you know the recck room or something
let's I have money for microed so
presumably I have lots of rooms I want
to take it from the recck room I want to
put it in the theater I just buy a bunch
more panels
and right like I make it bigger right so
I was kind of I was kind of sold on that
idea but having seen all the work that's
gone into seam reduction and having seen
how
we're still not there yet guys like come
on and and foldable and rollable is like
getting dangerously close and then
having dealt with uh oh you weren't
there for that shoot um but having dealt
with the logistics of moving around a
large
TVH I just I feel like we're at a limit
now where unless you can roll it up or
fold it up or something it's it's just
not realistic for people to move uh
sorry I I've been stalling for a long
time what are we I thought we were doing
power supply power supply right oh we
were
okay so let's have a look at what we've
got here man we've got everything
from oh
no the Scythe rolls out what is rolls
out okay a core power a 300 wat power
supply with no PCI Express power
connectors uh features probably won't
blow up question mark
um we've got an EVGA 400 watt that you
say was in a bin in the dumpster that
I didn't write all of these little
thingies I see so I actually don't know
100% on this one it has more power but
still might not blow up uh we've got an
fsp 350 watt at least it comes with a
PCI Express power cable here I'm just
going to switch over to this side we've
got oh we're getting up into pretty good
stuff now cic Focus
gx550 EVGA 650 gold the lean Lee oh we
ended up with another sfx power supply
so another small form factor one sure
uh we've got an inwin P series 850 850
watt and zxt 1000 oh wow a cic 12200
watt silver excuse me Silverstone 1200
watt and an EVGA 1600 watt with an 80
plus titanium rating very long so
hopefully it fits in the
case man modular if Case compatibility
ends up being a problem again I'm not
going to be happy about it all right
let's find our 10-sided die Advantage
you've brought the wheel of
pain should I trust the fates what does
chat want what do you guys want right
now I have to sell the machine for a
dollar dude and they want to spin they
just want the discounts the spins are
fine they already used up all of the
free shipping discounts they are
apparently
gone okay there's one more discount code
left this doesn't feel like rolling with
an Advantage this
[Laughter]
feel
[Music]
okay I don't know who is responsible for
these discount codes but um you know
what no no no no I was going to say I
was going to say I might need to have a
chat with them after the stream about
maybe getting approval for these things
but I think it will be Taran who has a
chat with them after the Stream So This
is the biggest one yet is very limited
quantities so get your uh fingies ready
it's 50% off any
product no minimum quantity but it's
only limited to 10 uses oh okay that's
not so bad you know sry 10 thou
no um 10 uses I think 10 were probably
being a little bit too cheap I think you
want me to call just someone not too not
too much but what do you say 69 I sure
look if you guys I'll be back in a
second if you guys are going to hurt me
you might as well hurt me um I just feel
like if it was only 10 the people would
probably use it basically immediately um
and people wouldn't even get a chance to
enjoy yeah it's a write off it's the
write off sale okay right I didn't even
roll I got distracted uh okay time to
roll Glenn you ready okay here I'm going
to roll in this roll so you can roll
while you roll um and you can be focused
on the oh
fail hey but look at that you got a
pretty decent power supply I think I
have no idea if inwin P series is good
but it has a 5year warranty and Lord
only knows how old this thing is and how
much of that warranty is used up also it
might be a sample it might have no
warranty whatsoever but this is what
you're getting uh what was the cost of
this bad boy I don't have a cost for it
but if I had to Ballpark it it's
probably about a hundred bucks which if
anyone is keeping track at home puts us
at I think in the neighborhood of this
is not too bad I think we're up to
around 122 $1,300 oh actually oh this is
fully modular this looks pretty nice
here we get this little peel done for
you Dan want to hit me with a merch
message yeah sure I got a few here for
you uh Hey Linus
gang just joined the soaked airpods Club
because wife didn't check the airpod
pocket before throwing my sweatpants and
the washing machine okay I'm going to
stop you right there I'm going to stop
you right
there if you have someone in your life
who does your laundry for you this is
how you
behave yes thank you thank
you and that's
it there's no
blame there's
Mula I am sorry I have caused add
additional stress for you my lady by
potentially making you feel any guilt
whatsoever that you might have felt when
you discovered the airpods that I
carelessly left in mine
laundry but please go
on what about a waterresistant pocket
for version
two love oh so now you want me to fix it
this is your problem now do you take
accountability for anything in your life
no no okay I'm actually kidding now
that's actually a really good idea I I I
legitimately kind of like it like if I
had a because realistically in the
washing machine it doesn't go full
submersion the whole time or anything
like that so if we had one of those uh
one of those YKK waterproof and nothing
is waterproof right but if we had one of
those YKK water resistant zippers on a
pocket that was lined with some kind of
a membrane or something like that I
don't think that for liability purposes
we'd be willing to guarantee anything
but I think if we called it like a like
a like a water pocket and then just
didn't like say waterproof or didn't say
you can wash your clothes or whatever
what we could say is maybe we tested it
you know we did 10 washes and our
airpods survived every time or something
like that like we could you could call
the moist pocket the moist pocket yeah
yeah yeah just hope it doesn't take a
critical hit oh I don't know that's a
bad joke don't don't acknowledge that
joke that's not funny um any who yeah
that's actually a really good idea maybe
we could log that for the uh for the
fashion team Chaser Den do you mind
sending that over to them that's
legitimately a pretty good idea dear
fashion team pocket go right now go
right now and thank your wife for taking
care of your laundry um for for you in
general and uh yes do do the thing do
the thing I said uh before we progress
we have now updated the amount of these
codes there's 69 of them still not very
many for all of you people out there
wanting 50% off anything on the store I
don't think we've ever done that before
first time for anything baby uh the code
is Rip
Linus cute also uh I was told to let you
know that the codes were approved by
more than one person okay so you don't
have to worry all
right so I don't have to worry ah sure
that's how worrying
Works hey no it was it was a whole mob
so uh that torched the car so you don't
have to worry uh oh oh wait what is that
oh no never mind oh man we got a lot of
we got a lot of front panel connectors
in here that I they're coming in hot uh
yeah that's oh my gosh that doesn't
surprise me poor Dan's fies are
burning how's your fies Dan I got a
touch screen so it's just my
thumb uh man LED RGB switch what is what
is even this labeling okay yeah reset
switch
Qs hard drive LED Qs and they're all
gone or so I'm told that fast
yeah people probably had carts loaded
up I have 30 incoming right now that in
like five crazy 5 Seconds uh wow you're
poor all right well congrats to those of
you who got the code I can't promise
that we will ever do anything like that
again um I mean never say never I'm a
kind of a try anything twice kind of
character but um certainly no promises
on trying that twice I guess it all
depends on what management decides I'm
just a talent now I just stand here and
try and look pretty some days it goes
great some days it goes a little less
great but hey you guys are here with me
for it right hey thanks y'all I am told
that the moist pocket idea has been
passed on to the fashion team okay thank
you Chase that is tremendous news thank
you very much the moist pocket you have
to call it something else that is
disgusting soggy pocket yes soggy pocket
soggy pocket actually
that's pretty good soggy moist pocket
now for your sweatpants lgd store.com
it's a new meaning to the word like to
sweatpants captures all sweat in your
pants not in your pocket how get it what
is it about the word moist that makes
people so uncomfortable I don't know
keep saying it though it's just a meme
though is it yeah it's not actually I
don't think most people feel
uncomfortable I don't genuinely feel
uncomfortable it's a powerful word it is
it is it's definitely it evokes oce I
will say that much about the
word moist e i I wish I had Echo I could
just moist we have a we have we have a
no gross out policy on camera I think I
just broke it it was instituted after
that channel super fun where we we ate
like pasta off of a off of a piece of
glass with the camera pointing at it
from underneath and um people were just
like yeah this was this was
unwatchable um so what we realized was
at a certain point it doesn't matter how
entertaining the concept is or how you
know well storyboarded it is or whatever
and I'm not saying that one was
particularly well thought out I'm just
saying we what we realized is that if
something is just unpleasant to look at
nothing else matters you you simply
cannot upload it uh so so we have a no
gross out policy see and I am just about
done all these front panel connectors
this is a really awful case to work in
for those of you who were wondering you
know for the $600 are you getting ease
of use are you getting style like what
are you getting
um I don't know if I could say either of
those things with a straight face I mean
it's something it's a it's a vibe there
you are getting
Vibe I me rotate it and show the missing
half that's that's the vibe yeah okay
yeah that's that's definitely that's
definitely the vibe that right there
that is what you are
getting I think I think you're going to
have to pay them $2 to take this
computer I'm a little confused actually
why are we not able to attach this one
maybe we can where at that pie go yeah
give maybe it can go on no I got it I
got it over
here oh
no maybe not yep oh
yeah are I wonder if we could put any of
the screws in I mean we got tools in 105
we could just hack that off what about
this what are these what if we just no
oh wait how does it yeah how does it
work it kind of I don't remember how
this went you know what I'm over
it sorry buddy see you
later all right let's get some modular
cables want to hit me with a merch
message in the meantime I suspect you've
got a couple I do have a couple couple
yes uh looking to set up a home lab for
Linux in Linus's poor past with Linux
what's his recommended
distribution oh man I don't want to
recommended distribution you guys the um
Arch you casual the uh that that uu
Linux that we checked out recently
actually looked really cool uh it was
wuntu that that's what it was so it's
based on Ubuntu but it just kind of has
a lot of the stuff that
most people would want to install anyway
on it already and it's kind of cute it's
inviting it's friendly I I'm I have
never daily driven it so don't take this
as a as an educated endorsement of any
sort but I mean being Ubuntu based is
just automatically an advantage in my
mind just because it's been around for
so long and one of the biggest struggles
you're going to have if you try to daily
drive Linux for the first time if you've
never done it before I guarantee you one
of the biggest struggles that you're
going to have is the lack of
documentation in general for many of the
distributions out there and Ubuntu is a
bit of an exception to that because it
has been around for so long and there
are so many people using it and in
general it takes a bit more of a
userfriendly approach compared to
something that's you know popular and
has a large user based but is
philosophically different like Arch by
the way you
know so there that's my that's my off
the top of my head take and that's the
best you're going to get from me on a
day like today because I'm having a bit
of a stress day um it's it's
it's it's it's that kind of day today uh
PCI right did we ever figure out where
the heck the GPU goes in this thing no
we did not huh so there's oh these are
probably going to inform us right that's
PCI those are slots maybe they go I
think it you take that well it's a good
thing that we kept one of the sides then
cuz we're definitely going to need one
of them yeah so this probably pops off
sorry these are so tight from the
factory I can't can't remove them
without the screwdriver oh yeah okay and
there it goes okay okay easy peasy so we
should be able to fit just about any GPU
we want but I just wanted to
kind of plan for where my oh should we
figure out which GPU so you know which
cables is there a 16 pin in here I don't
see one probably not okay that's fine
there's always adapters yeah um oh oh
you know what yeah sure let's Ru for
GPU um
but okay we're doing
it I feel good about this I feel good
about this one where's the wheel
I don't know if I like that wheel I
think I might on the ground yeah I was
in shock might be kind of over the wheel
D there's no more discounts to give out
oh other than the computer itself okay
so we can so we can cross out the
discounts then y okay fine I'm good then
uh where's the uh do we have a pen oh I
put it away I guess we don't have to
formally cross it out my goodness is
this ever a lot of options for GPU good
Lord you can get
this is amazing you can get this expert
oriented GeForce gt1030 worth its we to
it's got gold crossed out here worth its
we to
mold wow but hey 10 series is the last
Nvidia family to support interlaced
outputs for you Retro Gaming
enthusiasts what a sales pitch uh number
two is an RX 550 which is worth less
than 50 bucks used on eBay pcie gen 3
has never known love not even from Crypt
Bros for $90 we've got a gunar A380
which I believe we
obtained no this one came later so we
obtained one of these uh low-end Intel
Arc cards just to have an excuse to talk
about av1 encoding in a video about that
we couldn't find any other use for it um
we've got a Manaj JY GeForce GTX 1660
this is worth about a hundred bucks use
could be pretty fine enough an RX 6500
XT okay now we're getting into expensive
territory uh Glenn we're on you so I
think you're pretty far away oh there we
go I'll move the wheel to uh 6500 XT
we've got okay 4 gigs in minute we've
got a 5700 XT we're up to around 150
bucks used we've got a 3050 we've got oh
wow old school a Titan XP which is
apparently
still worth about 200 bucks used all
right Titan X Pascal oh man so many
options o Intel Arc a770 wow so if I
roll anything above above a 10 you guys
are getting something pretty decent it's
used about worth about 300 bucks uh 3060
for
305 we've got a sapphire pulse 6750 XT
for around 300 a 4060 TI for 385 oh my
goodness there's so many options oh
things are getting real here currently
about 1,000 Bucks new what is going on
but used about $400 an RTX 3080 uh we've
got uh oh sick a hydro dipped Nvidia
2080 TI Founders this is worth about 320
bucks but this is one of a kind just
like you audience member and it probably
works this was in a video all those
years ago go uh what else we got uh XFX
7700 XT that's worth about 460 Bucks new
a$ 470 for
$550 we've got a 7900 XTX for around
$1,000 we've got an RTX 480 for
$1200 we've got a 490 for
$2,000 real ones don't need me to make a
write up for this product cuz they know
it's hard writing things about 200
products okay I'm doing my best here
that one was me thank you David uh We've
also got an RTX 370 master that is worth
360 bucks used
with 8 gigs of dddr 6 memory and is over
$1,000 new because pricing is broken uh
all right so I've got a 20-sided die
here and it's time to find out who whoa
whoa Advantage no Advantage sure do it
all right there's some pretty cruel
punishments I need I don't know if I
like this wheel that much uh so far it
has not treated me particularly
well okay one more one more no no
there's no more
discounts how does it land on discount
every
time it must be
broken beer pong okay beer pong so so I
guess that's a challenge it's a
challenge okay what and what happens if
I fail the challenge again you get
disadvantage oh wait why did I roll it
because I told you
to I see uh okay so I think you'll go
over there okay here well let's get low
and you're going to basically have to
bounce what do you think three or one I
don't know I don't know how good are you
at it be here a long time all right I'll
do I'll do whatever you guys want wait
that's all the cups I get oh yeah you
get three chances though oh okay
where ball where I put the I see the
balls no those are golf balls oh but the
box is also there and I help all right
Dan want to hit me with the merch
message while we set
up yeah I got some here for you thanks
Mr besser you're very welcome we're just
moving some cables out of the way sorry
about that thanks how does it feel
practice oh hold on I got a I got
another one here first these aren't even
real pingpong balls these are so cheap
look I just touch it like that and it
permanently
dents I think your be behind the line
what line the line and the I think if my
torso's behind the line I'm okay you're
right
I'm what a jerk what a jerk okay sorry
Dan what was my merch message uh do you
know that the flowers are blooming in
Antarctica right
now that's kind of
terrifying um okay so I got to practice
one yeah practice one so even it goes in
it doesn't
count okay but now you have three
chances you get one in you get Advantage
you get none in you get disadvantage
dude these don't even bounce oh that
sounds like
excuses oh I I'll fix that I'll fix
that that was really close man that was
really close Okay second
attempt oh oh come
on they don't bounce they don't
bounce okay fine
disadvantage they have no weight to them
they have no weight to them no
here let me show the I'm going to show
the people here go to go to the wide go
to the wide go to the wide watch this
thing I'mma Huck it as hard as I can
it's going to be like nerd throw
meme it there the wind resist the air
resistance is too high look fine to me
looks fine to me come on beating it at
me what what's the line do it you coward
n terrible no okay all right where's my
stupid I see why they call them a
dieye sure J never been made before
here's another I got it oh wait oh it's
disadvantaged so I take the worst of the
two yeah the higher roll oh balls
okay we you ready don't forget you have
a roll but it costs you a Carolina
Reaper I see on your hand okay so we're
up to only like 13 12 $1,300 so far that
I have to sell for
$2 so I'm doing pretty good so 12 12 oh
that four would have been nice okay
what's 12 hey oh
oh
H you don't want to give it away huh I'm
not going to lie there's actually a
little bit of sentimental value for this
one I I personally hydro dipped this um
it's also not even that great of a GPU
um oh dude though okay can I smell them
oh those are really big you don't have
to eat an entire one if you eat an
entire one you'll get sick oh I caught a
whiff yeah you'll take I'll cut you a
little piece and just to participate
because I like being part of things uh
I'll eat with
you but
uh I don't think I need to save this
that
badly this is a really cool card cuz
even though it's RTX 20 Series so it
doesn't RTX as well as the cards that
came after it the performance is still
pretty de in rasterized games you can
use Nvidia AI features like their
background noise removal and stuff like
that and this was the one generation of
Nvidia cards that had this really cool
VR Port so it has a USBC connector that
carries DP alt mode which um if you were
to do a really random project like you
wanted to have a gaming system in your
minivan say for example I was actually
kind of planning to use something like
this for that um long story MSI repoed
my laptops um so if you were to put a
gaming system in your minivan you wanted
to run like a long USBC cable to a
portable monitor this works awesome for
that so it'll do power um uh it'll do
power and it'll do um display port alt
mode over it which is really cool really
unique you have the option you can keep
that or you can swap out the 490
[Laughter]
it's your choice I think I'll let it
go I think I can uh I think I'll I'll go
full Elsa on this one thank you uh Dan
want to hit me sure let's see what we
have here how does it feel to make free
shipping for
[Laughter]
us I'm happy for
you don't lie I'm happy for them
Dan I'm happy for them yeah that makes
sense I'm a little stressed today um
that's okay it's not like you're giving
away thousands of dollars in PC parts
wow really helpful team have I ever
mentioned how World Class my team is
give them some Welches world class
trolls jeez all right want to hit me
with one more yeah sure though what else
got some power connectors to put in here
jeez hey guys sinus here what can I do
with my e-w alarm panel now that my free
smart home package expired on my house
and add won't give me the master
password also ETA on the LT store desk
that is really unfortunate um and it's
uh it's a it's a harsh reality of the
Disposable uh you know locked in anti-
right to
repair um world that we live in
and there is no real solution for it
because nobody is going to be harvesting
pretty much anything usable from that
even down to the
materials um it's pretty much going to
end up in a landfill and that's really
sad especially in the context of that
other merch message we got very recently
about how flowers are blooming in
Antarctica right now
uh but all you can really do
is consume less um and then never have
to deal with that but that's not a real
solution right like what I'm going to
tell you to not have a security system
on your home no right like yeah it's cuz
I Moonlight as a as a burglar right so I
can break into your house more easily
like
it's yeah sorry to be a downer but I
don't have good news for you it's gonna
end up in a landfill
uh want to hit me with a less depressing
merch message Dan uh let me see oh he's
struggling
uh the world's horrible and everything
is pain oh Dan you're not allowed to
send merch messages we've been through
this oh I should probably okay well I
don't have any that no um uh of all the
computers you have ever built which one
was the most memorable hopefully this
isn't also
depressing oh I mean if I didn't say the
mineral oil PC I don't you know what
nope I I take it back I'd say the most
memorable was probably seven Gamers one
CPU there was at least one maybe two
sleepless nights in that project and the
moment when it worked is something that
I will never forget again because it
shouldn't have it had absolutely no
right whatsoever to work and not only
did it work it worked shocking ly well
and if it wasn't for the current
anti-che landscape it would still be a
viable way to share resources from a
very powerful computer for playing light
games um across you know multiple sets
of of user inputs it's a really really
cool technology and it's just too bad
that you know modern anti Che just
doesn't really allow it to function the
way that it could I understand why they
do everything that they do they're in
this they're in this horrible arms race
against people who are financially
incentivized to break the gaming
experience for their paying customers I
understand why game developers do it but
I don't have to like
it all right let's get this GPU
installed now is that it David we don't
need to roll for anything else we're
done we're good or how you see the rest
of this space Oh got keyboards got mice
you got headsets we got random category
cuz we wanted to include this really
okay you could win a red rocket X weit
not win
bye uh
okay red rocket has multiple meanings by
the
way you're definitely not winning that
uh let's go ahead and put this PCI on
here and then apparently we're rolling
oh we're doing a full oh monitors yeah
oh wow there's some really interesting
stuff over in the monitor you could be
selling a $44,000 monitor L is uh and
that's all included in the $2 yeah
that's why we had to raise it from $1 to
$2 was to include the monitor it makes
sense yeah the PC cost twice as much as
last time this is it's a big build yeah
I know honestly we're getting greedy
yeah yeah we really fell off um jeez is
there a support for this or does this
just like chill here because this
doesn't seem right it certainly looks
like there is no support I mean you got
the you got the G tape or
whatever seriously so why would there be
two that does not seem like a real
solution why don't I look it up what a
weird case yeah
sure how you guys doing chat you guys
enjoying the stream what a random
computer for those of you who are tuning
in now the concept is roll for PC I have
to build this system with whatever parts
we roll and at the end of it I sell it
for $2 so the higher the value of the
system the better deal our lucky buyer
on LT store is going to be getting so
far we've got an 11 900k so a pretty
nice 11th gen gaming CPU from Intel
we've got 32 gigs of ddr4 memory we've
got an NZXT z590 motherboard we've got
an RTX 2080 TI an 850 W power supply and
all housed in
this case uh truly delightful truly
delightful case from inwin that has been
a real chore to built in and made the
whole thing take a lot longer than it
otherwise would have but hey at least
you're going to get this really unique
aesthetic in the finished system that um
you know you might want to take some of
these components out like the SSD in
order to properly enjoy but you're
you're going to you're going to use this
case I I pretty much promise you that oh
yeah I forgot our SSD uh it's h for
those of you tuning in now it's a Micro
SD to SATA adapter so you can put up to
10 uh we should switch to Andrew get the
closeup um you should or gler someone uh
you can put up to 10 Micro SD cards on
this thing it's like a it's like a
carrier a carrier
board fo nice there's
sorry their solution is foam blocks
that's what it says in the manual
install the included
foam
seriously my brothers um I'm not a huge
fan of this solution I mean it's no
worse than what we did to mount that SSD
so that's fair and valid but uh all
right that's it yep the foam block is
spaced
perfectly wow
wow that is huh we might be taking that
GPU out to ship it I think we
will because as much as it saddens me to
say goodbye to it it would sadden me
even more if it just
died
okay well that's something uh what do we
roll next oh I didn't put the Power
connector in oh yeah sorry I'm going to
do that really quick and then we can do
the next thing uh oh hopefully there's a
spot oh yeah there's a spot we got this
how many connectors do you want though
you want 1 18 pin one 16 pin I got this
easy
peasy no well easy but maybe not peasy
hold on I'm just going to go like this
there we go all right David what's our
next category we're going to do
keyboards
next all right total damage around
$1,500 so far then you know what that's
not that bad
uh I am going to get this connector in
at some
point there it goes and then we are
going to move
on all
right nice nice
Perfect all right keyboards here we go
got 12 I keep leaving the dice plate
oh wow so prepared sometimes okay what
all we got here we got the tech Theory
gaming pack Priceless as seen in our
autoshop peripherals video I would
rather have
nothing beautiful we've got the
singlehanded keyboard um the bad news is
it's just half a keyboard the good news
is um your other hand is free for other
things
like using the mouse really really you
guys a masturbation joke I thought we're
higher brow than that oh no oh
no uh number three the vog tech
transparent keyboard featured in 10
weird keyboards from AliExpress it's
worth $38 not great uh we've got an aula
mechanical keyboard for 40 bucks we've
got the unknown Hot Wheels blue keyboard
oh this is one of those old gskill ones
I painted that did you Dan yeah for the
shank mods video adequate job yeah don't
show the other side
oh I I had like five minutes to do it
nice uh we've got a stoga magic refiner
for 50 bucks if you like round keys
because you're an animal uh we've got
whoa a Dell model 101 PS2 keyboard is
this buckling spring oh that sounds nice
get a bit closer to the
chest nice got a bit of that twang to it
it kind of sounds like it it's pretty
nice yeah that one's not bad uh it's
only worth $70
but we've got an oh this thing looks
amazing an 8bit dough kind of noctua is
looking more famicom oh famicom sure
yeah you know it's funny North American
kid I can never get used to the whole
like oh yeah the buttons are rainbow or
whatever on the on the super fom like
all that kind of
stuff excuse me sorry we've got a
mountain Everest 60 compact 10 keyless
this is worth about a hundred bucks and
then rounding things up oh that's our
that's our 12 oh oh oh oh oh this oh
no I remember this
video this was the like $100 versus
$1,000 wooden keyboard video so this is
like an artisen wooden keyboard This is
the Thousand wooden keyboard it
legitimately kind of sucks to use like
it's not great it's got this little tiny
space bar but you can switch between
Roman and Kaa characters with a hotkey
here it's beautiful I mean the
craftsmanship is immaculate it has no
Dan paint job on the back why do they
use such a cheap cable though um I don't
know but it's stylish you can't fault
the style so that's our number 12 and
then we've got an azeron classic with
funky color this is worth
$375 that colorway no but you can get
the like that for around that amount wow
forget everything you know about typing
it's like holding a hand great for
lonely people
D you could use it with that other half
keyboard I wrote the keyboard jokes I
like them I like them match made
in we've got whatever the crap this is I
don't see a label on it it's a it's not
fully part of it it was going to be uh
if we needed to swap something in we
could swap it in for anything you want
no that's
fine uh and then we've got the work
louder Creator board modular keyboard
knobs dials for days modular but you
only get what's here and it's
ortholinear so you're going to have to
relearn your typing a little bit
I I don't know if I could do orthol
linear it would certainly take me a
while so for those of you not familiar
uh that's where instead of having the
rows slightly offset from each other
they are in a perfect square grid all
right um you know what David I'll play
your silly
yes but no duplicates though right no
yeah if we if we've done something we
have to roll all
right keep going
count beer PK I think this thing is kind
of weighted yeah I asked you that I
didn't mean to
Discount are you kidding me
get out of
here watch it watch it be
the it's a really good thing that we
capped discount truth or D because if we
had to do like another 50 you know 50%
offs for every time we rolled that I'd
be I'd be dying David I'd be
dying so this okay what is what is truth
or
dab oh this is the whole thing it's hot
uh so I didn't get this on purpose I
just wanted this hot sauce for this uh
so this is the last stab which is their
endgame hot sauce it's very spicy uh
it's actually not as bad as the bomb so
do you want the bomb instead what no
Should we do the bomb instead Chad no we
should do we should play the game The
Last dab okay fine so you said D bomb
okay I did not say the bomb I said the
LA he said D bomb I didn't say the bomb
I said everybody heard the bomb right
said it twice now the bomb the bomb the
bomb dab I said the last dab you won't
necessar have to do it I think the I
think the way this works is basically uh
I read you it's truth or dab uh I read
you a question and if you don't want to
answer it you have to take hot
sauce so there's no way for me to win
this nope I
see oh this is a good one this is a good
one but I can just refuse and then roll
a disadvantage you could do that oh oh
games master David didn't think of that
I mean disadvantage isn't good either
all right
okay that's a bad sign the room is on
fire and you can rescue everyone but one
who do you leave
behind cameras can you show everyone
who's in this
room oh Colin
[Laughter]
so you don't have to do the hot sauce
all right and you get
Advantage
perfect I'll tell you what though I'll
keep them if I do the hot sauce will you
also do the hot sauce just for LS just
yeah easy easy peasy all
right he agreed to that way too easily I
kind of hope that that would be more of
a I I kind of hope that that would be
more of a haha gotu moment um that
really wow did not everyone wants to see
you do hot sauce that did not work out
the way that I had the bomb what I'm not
doing the bomb again this is the hotter
version of the bomb I'm not doing the
bomb again I did the bomb last time okay
mix them okay what's a dab uh this is
stuff's not that bad okay so what's a
dab then do double
that I promise I promise it's actually
not that bad okay give me quadruple that
quadruple yeah yeah yeah yeah I ain't no
W well I'm not going to let you upstage
me here there you go that's why that's
why I did it okay ready am I that
predictable am I am I really that
predictable David yes 100% hold on a
second oh no
okay dink it w hold on I mean now I've
got more okay okay dink it and sink it
okay I got on my lips that was a mistake
M I got it all over my tongue okay
remember we don't have milk I have ice
cream I do have ice cream oh good choice
damn it I got spicier I got the hiccups
too oh
no the ice
cream why' I do
that yeah
um I was pretty hot
um hold on I did
I
do some water first just for the
cold well I tried all of them plus the
Carolina Reaper yesterday to make sure I
wouldn't kill
you
so I've had a little bit of this ice
cream but where' my spoon go all right
all right from that side that wasn't
that bad I got this it's not nearly as
bad as the bomb
you
know everyone says you want milk after
hot sauce and like not to drink water
I've actually always found that the milk
product doesn't really do any better for
me really and the water is like fine
like I keep getting it's one of those
comments
that kind of drives me crazy to eat cuz
people like did you not even know no I
do I do know yep the cold is nice yeah
but like hot sauce is still just like
hot sauce sauce
uh ice cream doesn't make it magically
not hot
sauce but then you have ice
cream that's
true I wonder if that's why you feel
better the hiccuping is so great
[Laughter]
okay you poor people I wish my water was
cold that would have been nice someone
got to the dispenser before I filled
this today I guess oh no I filled it
over on this side I'll grab you some I
that's the problem no I'm good
okay all right I'm
fine Advantage roll let's do this thing
does that count if it's high
yeah oh it's a
one nice you are
getting worth
it the tech Theory gaming pack because I
rolled a 12 on my primary
die and I would have had to do the
$1,000 wooden
keyboard was it worth it okay hold on
no
yes
yes it was worth it okay Tech Theory
gaming pack among the
very worst gaming peripherals we have
ever
tested okay uh hey Colin if you're not
too mad at me uh do you mind starting to
clear this table so we can start getting
our our setup for our for our endgame
gaming going oh he's mad huh he's mad
he's mad at
me look it was a it was a joke for the
entertainment I was like I was throwing
him under the bus a little bit and
like that's why I ate the hot sauce
because I lied I could never choose
between my work children okay he doesn't
understand any of this so like he only
knows simple words
like would would let you burn in a fire
um but like don't worry we're like we're
good we're good it's fine we'll be fine
um okay uh what are we doing next then
is monitor the last thing
left then we got to let's say monitor we
got a safe monitor then oh I'm feeling a
little lightheaded okay wow we got some
doozies oh no no we can't give away this
well then you better not I mean we have
a roll we can't give away this David
yeah we got a roll oh my god um this is
the PT Cruiser Mouse we haven't even
done this video yet you guys no this is
this is for a future weird mice video If
you roll with advantage and you still
get it then your reroll you still get to
roll with advantage that doesn't really
help you much but no it really doesn't
David um okay we've got the aopen PS2
ball Mouse I don't know 0 from when
dinosaurs walk the earth hey Glenn you
should come get the come get the closeup
and then uh and or have you reversed
rolles oh I see well then you know do
whatever works for you guys
guys yeah okay so we got this we've got
a Microsoft basic Mouse USB lineus sized
that's a benefit I guess um I don't know
a dollar we've got the ONN Walmart brand
gaming mouse worth about 25 bucks the m6
wireless
mouse that says pink bunny wait this is
a cad Mouse this is worth money money
this is a 3D connection CAD Mouse then
we put it up higher oh 12 uh sure pink
bunny kind of looks like camel toe e um
then you got the PT Cruiser Mouse then
we've got what else we got Cooler Master
mm520 for those of you who are tuning in
now whatever the final setup is I have
to sell it for a dollar we've got the E
Eves uh X17 I think might have been a
prototype so uh yeah good good luck with
that one razor Death Adder for about 50
bucks that's
V2 uh we've got a Cooler Master mm 170
worth about 50 bucks oh we're getting
into pretty nice stuff now we got a
Logitech g502 X worth about
$50 uh we've got a uh a glorious Model D
we don't know how much that's worth
apparently something oh we're getting
into some really interesting stuff here
though we've got this uh 3D connection
CAD Mouse which my understanding is like
it has another movement Dimension or
something I think I I can't remember it
has like a gyro in it or something can't
remember but it I think it's cool uh
we've got a fanatic flick 2 for about 60
bucks the Microsoft easy ball this
retailed for $80 but I get in on that
face I want to see that I think these go
for quite a bit more um on eBay now
we've got a pulsar X2 worth about a
hundred bucks it's a clear one ooh I
don't want to get that razor Viper
ultimate for
$150 oh this would be a win the Razer
boom slang first edition okay only 5,000
exist of this first edition we made a
video about it on the main Channel we've
got the pointer
instrument full grain French leather
what is this thing it's am I even
familiar with this I did a short c on it
oh my God oh my God it's so heavy it's
actually made of metal lunar artifacts
yeah you'd have to be a moon person to
think this is a good
idea that's
terrible uh okay I mean uh I mean oo
number 18
$250 uh hope for a high
roll we've got the roller Mouse what the
devil's a roller oh this thing yeah okay
yeah so you move it like this
and like this to move your
mouse
Ergo and finally the $400 final
Mouse Starlite 12 Edition so it's it's
they were 200 when they were new but
they they're all limited edition so they
go for a lot more
now that actually looks kind of sick
it's a really nice
Mouse okay all right I would like an
advantage roll now that I can't get hot
sauce
again you know what David do the honors
apparently you're the only one who can
roll anything other than a
discount we've already rolled all the
LTT store discounts so we can't roll
them
again wet
sex back in just a few minutes no it's
moist
pocket you're lucky we're almost at the
End of the
Street why did the stream have to get
moiser um all right
well anywh who let's go ahead and roll I
get to roll with advantage and we're
finding out what mouse will be included
in our $2 gaming setup we
ready all right now with the way the
micer laid out six is not
necessarily uh worse for me than four so
my options are the wireless I have no
idea how much this is worth pink bunny
mouse or oh a Cooler Master mm520 you
know what you know
what this
one oh man wow this setup though
um okay uh hey Colin this is why I would
have left him in the fire um okay here
here here here
okay so here I got to here I got to I
got to I got to explain I got to explain
something calling okay so this is the
computer we don't look at the
computer okay it's not plugged in yet
right no I know that'll that that'll
spin when we plug it in so when you're
setting up you have to put the computer
on the side so
here okay thank you thank you Colin no
no I need that thank you Colin
um he's been making really good progress
and um you know like I said I wouldn't
actually let him perish in a fire uh I
do I do find that sometimes it doesn't
add efficiency to assign things to Colin
but he
um he's really kind uh he's a kind
person I uh think we're actually missing
the dongle for this oh there it is never
mind we are missing batteries though
trip right I'm going to need a pair of
aaa's yes sir uh before you progress you
probably want to partake in the
challenge oh basically you just walk
step in that really you have to put you
had to put ice in it yeah what a
dick SC such a dick yeah just uh put get
your feet wet and uh do the rest of the
stream it's one of those things that
isn't that bad to start mhm but the
longer you're doing it the longer your
feet are wet the worse it's gonna be
uhuh thank you David for that helpful
commentary um anytime okay there you go
have fun where's the mouse uh anyone
want to drink some drinking
water
gross all right sell that on LTT
store.com water bottle do not water
bottle full of
uh nothing's funny anymore now that we
live on this timeline where you can't
take for granted that that is a joke
it's not even a joke yeah um all right
I'm going to help out Colin here
actually here Chase can can you help
complete what Colin was trying to do and
uh we just need the headphones and the
uh
keyboard all
right oh boy that was not a good throw
okay in the meantime I can walk you
sorry Chase you're gonna have to do that
somewhere else you pick that you picked
the one place oh wait David random or
keyboard or uh monitor rather random or
monitor these are kind of like heads or
tails use them or not heads or tails do
we need a coin again yeah hey oh wait no
how many do we have four we got four we
could we could do a foursided dice do a
foursided dice okay let's go all right
what challenges are left here what do we
got the mini putts we've got flip
cup mini
golf that's kind of it and then there's
like a one that's just if you land on
you get disadvantage oh okay wow we went
through more than I thought okay you
know what yeah sure I'll play your
little
game this is a really poor quality wheel
I know we have to build a bigger
one hey perfect mini golf wow that
was so if I win at mini golf I get an
advantage yeah if I lose I roll two dice
and I take the worst option well you
let's have a look at what's let's have a
look at what we've got here there's some
really random stuff here you guys
definitely achieved that we've got the
Piko quote unquote zero latency wireless
HDMI transmitter this will do up to 4K
30 HZ or
1080p oh this will do 1080p 12 HZ that
is pretty cool we've tested these These
are 60 GHz they'll do up to 25 M but
they do rely on being pretty well line
of sight um and we did find that the
latency is in fact very low on them this
is this is pretty cool this would be a
nice thing to have included we've also
got a red Digital Cinema red rocket X
this was the subject of one of our first
holy s uh series videos where we
basically got this thing with the
intention of testing its
functionality for improving the
performance of red highresolution
footage on the timeline and ultimately
determined that it wasn't really a
useful part of our work flow and then I
wanted to sell it and we apparently
never got around to it so now we just
have this worthless piece of e-w fpga
card it's worth a they don't go for
$1,000 on eBay it's about a th000 bucks
oh well you paid about 8,000 remember
well that would suck uh we've got a whe
kids edition I definitely want you to
have this because it would take up less
room in our warehouse if you had it and
finally oh this is a cool piece of water
cooling
history the 3D Galaxy 2 from gigabyte we
did a full video on this bad boy and
apparently we packed it all back up
perfectly nicely for you it's support
Intel Core i7 processor so you can enjoy
that all right so uh I would say we go
what in order of value yeah I think so
so the red rocket X would be on the high
end what's this peak dough thing worth
the peo not worth not not too much I
thought it was like 100 bucks okay so
how about we go like that one to four
yeah I like it okay and so I'm playing
mini golf now mini golf is that right
yeah I think you get three chances to
get it in either hole I get oh I get to
put it in either hole I think so
okay you can move that thing it's just
that it kind of un it rolls I mean did
you at least manag to get real golf B I
don't know slightly better than what you
had for the ping pong balls uh
okay they call me
happy oh crap okay um I I say it was
unfair cuz there's a bump here that's
probably why it went off and that all of
a sudden while you after you shot that
was my practice one right sure yeah you
know what you're not going to get it
[Laughter]
anyway what a
jerk all right okay no no that's fine
that's fine no no I got this okay here
we go
okay well that was closer yeah he's
sweating now okay some of the hot
sauce oh come
on right over the
hole last
attempt oh one more you got one more you
got one more one more one more I don't
even want it I don't want your pity
attempt all
right he
just a crap
okay two rolls here we go uh Glenn are
you my roll cam oh no and uh is it
Andrew I've got a technical issue but
I'm all good all right Glenn Glenn's
coming in okay so I roll twice and then
I take whatever the less favorable one
is the Yeah the more expensive one is
okay hey well I don't think we need I
don't think we need to roll that
again uh critical
fail okay I guess you're getting a red
rock ET X I didn't know these were still
worth $1,000 yeah they're not they're
not worthless huh okay well I guess um
the world's most expensive hood
ornament let's get the uh let's get the
VHB out
again here we go oh this one's uh this
one's almost out I
guess is this thing even going to work
we'll find out like do we know uh we did
not test every single part no there a
lot of parts of dust sick oh right we
still need to do the monitor yep we're
not even done yet good Lord all right if
you guys are tuning in
now I have to sell this computer for a
dollar no matter what it is so far man I
can't believe how much the value went up
from this stupid card so far it's worth
somewhere in the neighborhood of around
$1,500 for the actual guts of the
computer including that $600 case and
then we just added $1,000 to our total
with this red rocket X like processing
card surely nobody is paying that kind
of money for these things these days
you're so much better off just using a
GPU unless I'm missing something here I
mean they only got a 20 Series so they
kind of Might maybe need it yeah that's
fair enough no seriously though even
like dude even like nine series is
probably better than
this you really is it that old yeah it's
really
old like these were I don't even know if
these were relevant anymore when we were
in like the Langley house wow or no
maybe it was postl no it was post Lely
house I lied I lied okay yep there yeah
oh that looks good there you go we just
increase the value of this system by
about 60% enjoy
it I'm seeing them on eBay for $200 says
we've got a riser so we do have another
Riser cable if you do want to plug it in
it needs to live there it doesn't do
anything useful all right let's do the
monitor there are some really weird
options here we've got the HP
compact compact compact what la2205wg
pric is bruh it's 22 in um with you know
16 by1 aspect ratio which is kind of
nice oh this is from the tech shop yeah
okay so it's a piece of LTT video
history we've got the
nylocks all wish gaming setup monitor uh
enjoy we've got what's number three here
uh so it's what is number three what is
number oh it's the zoi down here oh oh
that seems pretty good oh yeah we jump
up pretty quick oh oh wow you're getting
a oh you're probably getting a pretty
decent monitor 240 HZ TN a good Esports
monitor even if it's a few years old
number four we've got the gis OLED
personal
Cinema um uses Batman v Superman images
on their website so you know it's good
not actually an 800 in screen yeah
that's probably an important disclaimer
to have on there I haven't actually
tried this thing I've tried things like
it oh wow it has a 2d to 3D switch so
you can watch 3D
content you can use it with your
one-handed keyboard uh sorry sorry I the
look everyone was thinking it uh number
five uh I think is the oh the EJ
interview oh that is a pretty cool
little piece of History so this uh for
the all EVGA PC we had to buy uh cuz I
don't think even EVGA had any of this
disastrous product kicking around but
pretty much what it is is it's a dual
monitor monitor where each one can flip
around so you can like collaborate or
like whatever it's I don't know it's
pretty cool it's terrible for gaming and
it requires dual DVI inputs so enjoy
that uh number six is an anchor nebula
project for 700 bucks probably a
terrible computer monitor uh number
eight is wait we've got six seven is the
aegon pro 1440p OLED oh wow we're
getting into some really nice stuff 240
HZ g-sync uh number oh my God so what
what are we getting to now eight is a
,000 MSI 315 in cuti OLED ploof said he
made a mistake buying the alien wear
over this that is a strong endorsement
number
nine is the one that I am personally
using at home right now the Rog Swift
pg42 uq 138 Herz with overclocking OLED
this thing is absolutely sick it's 4K
and then what well what how does it go
up from there the Dell oh my gosh up is
subjetive the Dell 8K Ultra sharp it's
Ultra sharp what else do you need to
know do you how many times I have asked
to for this to be sold while it's still
worth something it is not worth $3,800
that thing sucks uh I would be happy to
roll a 10 okay where's my 10-sided die
here you want to roll and if you get a
10 you can give it
away
uhse what else is left on your stupid
wheel the it's not even I cup I don't
even think there's anything that bad no
I don't all there is is flip cup so you
want to play yeah I'll play flip cup
sure sure I'll play flip cup for an
advantage how you guys doing out there
in chat you got a merch message to hit
me up while we're setting up uh or hit
me up with Dan while we're setting up
yeah yeah yeah I got one here um are you
doing a computer sleeve oh whoops as a
12 sided die I grabbed the wrong one oh
no am I doing I a sleeve yeah cuz you
done MCM those are such a they're such a
commodity item you can get them for like
$4 on Amazon I don't want to compete
with that you know
shell uh you have 30 seconds to flip two
of them and they have to land on their
butt like land on this I've never played
flip I thought it was like a bottle flip
I I'm I'm pretty okay at that um wow did
they really put in the work to make
different molds for the different
numbers on the bottoms of these so that
they could be in order in the box or
like what was the point of this they
might just be hot stamp uh Dan are you
getting close up D there he is trying to
oh yeah he's got this like really
and yeah this one's 12 like they're all
they're all different that's a really
weird thing to spend extra money on for
your for your mold okay you ready like
it's probably an interchangeable piece
you don't have to do an entirely new
mold for that oh no I know what it is
it's probably a single mold that shoots
a whole bunch of cups at the same time
and then they just like numbered what
spot it was in so that way if they have
a quality issue then they can go back
and they can find which one they should
gate off okay I figured it out
three two one
go does that count yeah so did I get two
get you have to get three what no you
can't just change the rules to I have to
get three I can't I'm the game
master well that's stupid that's what
they called me in high
[Laughter]
school 10 seconds but I got the first
two so well I did such a good job hey
all right I roll with advantage let's go
let's
go here we
go oh do we have two 10-sided die
dice here I'm going to roll it
here got that high contrast know a
thoughtful boy nice hit
me sorry I think you hit me right in the
mic yep okay here we go
all right we got five and seven so I get
to pick dealer's Choice wow that's a
that seven is a really nice monitor oh
the interview
oh
uh how are we even going to ship that
I'm okay with the Dell like do we have
packaging for it no it's not the Dell
it's the no I'm saying you if you want
to upgrade to the Dell uh no no no no no
it's got to be the dice the dice you're
right I've lost track of the The
Narrative the night the dice control the
narrative oh
man what do you guys even
want the the seven guys I don't think I
don't think that's how it works you
can't just be like this is my advantage
not your
advantage they all want this you know
what okay sure all right all right aegon
pro aegon pro monitor uh let's get this
on here let's try this thing let's see
if this is an actual usable setup or not
ow my foot my wet
foot
uncomfortable um they've been better but
as someone who regularly wears sandals
when it rains um I've had to deal with
this before and not knowing ahead of
time that we were doing this I actually
put on wool socks this morning huh so I
have the wicking power of wool helping
me out at least a little little bit it
mostly works when your feet are moist
not wet and uh I had to dunk my feet all
the way into the water so they're
they're pretty wet but I'm still I'm
still not suffering as much as
I all right this feels like an
unnecessarily complicated assembly
process I kind of wish I had picked the
EVGA at this point but that's fine
that's fine that's how the cookie
crumbles that's how the dice roll uh
David do you want to get us uh powered
up here yes
all right let's do this thing I've got
your other power thing I've got display
port I don't need that but what I'm
really looking for yes this is these
screws excellent wait no I need display
port or you know what no let's just
leave that package we'll grab our own
cable all right uh Dan do you want to
hit me with a merch message yeah sure I
got a few here now thankfully let's see
hi guys I was recently on a trip 12:00
a.m. 9 hours before my return flight I
broke my phone luckily I had my backup
note Sim Swap and good to go any stories
of when past Tech you had um got your
back oh I mean obviously my uh I what
the heck oh interesting see I assumed
there was going to be a vase amount on
the back of this Monitor and that like
just you know when I quickly looked at
it I assumed this interfaced with that
but that is in fact not the case um this
is if you want to vase amount the
monitor so I don't need it and this just
goes on the back here okay I mean you
know what um I'll allow it sure okay
that's a pretty painless setup process
actually I take back what I said
before um past T saving my bacon I mean
I got to imagine there's been some
situations where cameras have been
dragged out of the moth balls like oh
yeah we did a shoot once uh this was
years ago where we pulled one of the Old
Black Magic Cinema cameras off the shelf
and we're like okay thank goodness we
have something usable to capture this
angle because otherwise we were
absolutely doomed cuz there was no time
to rent something um but realistically
most of that stuff for me is going to be
work related
because uh for many many many years now
I've had as you can probably imagine
pretty solid access to um a stable of
tech stuff that I can use if I if I need
to in a pinch
I oh why is there cable hanging off of
this you know what it doesn't matter the
point is let's fire it up and see if she
works uh Dan you want to hit me with
another merch message sure sure sure
sure um sup Daniel and not Luke if
you're reading this thanks for taking
away $50 for Stuff heading to New
Zealand
more the groan uh more seriously do any
one of you have stories about past
australasia Tech Adventures I have never
been to Australia or New Zealand have
never been down under um I'm not even
sure if I have ever been south of the
Equator
um oh hey whoa it works I no I mean
which is what I was
expecting
obviously um man I I would have love to
do I I had uh I had some I forget like a
chat or there's a comment on something
at some point that was saying hey you
should you should come down for PAX
Australia Pax south or whatever they
called it back in the day um and I was I
was like super super down and really
interested in doing that but ultimately
never made it work and I've just I've
just not managed to I've not managed to
make it happen so someday I would really
love to but not yet we will need
probably to upgrade the GPU drivers is
my guess oh yeah yeah that's fine I also
want to turn on XMP oh yeah yeah I'm
going for bonus points here we got this
uh Dan hit me again sure lonus what is
your favorite Star Wars movie or TV
series
no no do it I got to tell you I'm so
over Star Wars at this point um David
and I could probably de debate this for
the entire rest of the stream uh he
is well actually okay we're not I don't
think we're as far I don't think we're
as far off each other as we used to be
because we've reached a bit of a middle
ground where I can agree with him that
the Last Jedi has some valid some
validity as a film and he can agree with
me that it's a terrible Star Wars movie
Yes um so we've managed to find some
commonality there but I do feel quite
strongly that the entire sequel Trilogy
um the right thing to do would be to
just throw it in the garbage declare it
non-canon and start over Andor I haven't
seen Andor you got to watch Andor I
haven't seen Andor yet which is I
understand probably a
mistake so I I would like to I would
like to check out Andor but if I had to
pick a favorite I almost have to go back
to when I loved Star Wars because now
I'm so
just over it that I I kind of I kind of
just can't care very much anymore um and
when I was a kid this is going to be
super unpopular but Jedi was my favorite
um I loved Return of the
Jedi um it's got of the origin Trilogy
it's got by far the best lightsaber
fight I mean I don't think that's
controversial like yeah that l i I don't
know what it is but like Luke's green
saber uh looked awesome like the special
effects had improved so much and
obviously there's more to a film than
special effects and you can make
arguments all day about there being you
know better films and better Star Wars
films and
uh you know Empire is obviously the one
that everyone kind of goes to as the the
best of the original trilogy and it it's
it's awesome but I feel like I wasn't
there in that moment I didn't experience
the Cliffhanger of the end of Empire and
the like six-year weight or whatever it
was for Jedi um like I just watched them
back to back to back to back or back to
back to back as a kid and you know Jedi
is the big payoff like when you're a kid
you know good versus evil is is you know
that's what you want to see you're just
like green saber and he's like he's got
his own saber now and he's like so
powerful and he kicks Darth Vader but
you know it's it's it's it's awesome
right and again I was a kid right so
Ewoks never bothered me in the slightest
and whereas I was much older I mean by
the time Jar Jar Binks showed up it was
1999 so I was
13 um Jar Jar Binks was not cool whereas
my little siblings didn't have a problem
with with him
um I like Revenge of the
Sith as well yeah I actually really like
Revenge of the Sith I'd say I'd say
those are my two favorites and I will
not out of the first two trilogies I
will not pick a favorite out of the
third Trilogy because it's garbage is
jar jar a Sith Lord jarar I love that
theory what do you mean is jar jar a
Sith Lord have you heard that theory no
that's not even a question yes jarjar is
obviously an agent of Darkness
I in all seriousness though I don't know
if I buy that he's a Sith Lord but I
love the conspiracy theory and I just
it's it's so compelling a read that I
want to believe it but no jar jar is not
a Sith Lord I'm sorry oh I'll take that
thanks I could actually use a little bit
more water all right Dan you got
anything else for me well we wait for
drivers to install you need more water
uh let's see here we go hello de and not
here I always listen to the W show on
Spotify because I have work on Friday
nights and I'm glad to catch this live
any updates on the fail pen or laser I'm
uh excited to check it out colon the
number three oh the fail pen I think is
very soon I mean I've seen packaging
I've seen final production so that's got
to be like not soon TM that's got to be
very soon fail laser is probably quite a
way out I've seen functioning prototypes
that are really close but I haven't seen
final Machining for the housing I
haven't seen a final PCB I haven't I
don't think we've selected a lens yet
cuz
like it's me we set out to just turn
garbage into you know a novelty item and
like what we're going to make a laser
pointer that has like bad spread
this is what I always do it's what I
always do so that one's going to take a
while but the fail the fail pen is going
to be awesome um even without factoring
in that a lot of it was liability
material uh the costs on those that
we've seen like for competitive products
don't make sense to us I think we're
going to be very competitively priced uh
like it's funny because we take a lot of
flack for the the the prices
of things on the store but our margins
are not actually unreasonable and I
think that as we get into some of the
new categories that we're planning to
get into over the coming years uh you
guys are going to discover that you know
sometimes uh we were actually very
reasonable and uh there's just certain
things that people would just I don't
know are are used to paying a lot more
for I don't know what to tell you are
you looking for drivers I am looking D
only drivers I saw were Intel ones and
they should all be already be installed
on that cop windows but oh okay cuz I'm
definitely missing base system device
PCI device definitely then download it
maybe it's just okay uh maybe I can get
that directly from Intel z590 D all
right Dan hit me sure what is your
favorite GPU generation of all
time see I tend I tend to be relatively
non sentimental when it comes to
technology I I definitely look back on
things that I used that especially
things that were unique and were never
really replaced like I um like I I like
I look back on the era when PC desktop
audio was a much bigger thing and it was
a was oh a newer version is already
installed you know what we're just going
to try and launch a game and see what
happens then without the base system
device and all that we we'll deal with
it later um because the chipset driver
was not needed uh so so yeah like
desktop audio I look back you know when
creative gigaworks uh had these or
creative had these like gigaworks 7.1
desktop audio setups that sounded really
solid and uh gave you like great
positional audio um like the oh man the
clips prom media Ultra 5.1 we obtained
one of those for some video recently and
I tomorrow I saw it in the warehouse I'm
like yeah I want that on my desk Just
for Old Time sake when we're done I'm
putting it I'm putting it on my system
I'm so excited for that because they
just don't they don't make them like
they used to when it comes to desktop
audio I also okay Doom maternal did not
launch so we'll try that again in a sec
here uh we also have one more category
of random things oh do we now headphones
oh oh okay I guess we'll have to do that
let's let's let this try and launch in
for a second um trying to think like
that I look back at with a lot of
nostalgia oh this monitor has built-in
speakers I am going to mute them one
moment
oh thanks do maternal that's really
helpful why does it do that I don't know
why it does
that favorite GPU
generation I I think it's more just what
life stage you were at when you when you
had it like I loved my all-in Wonder
9600 Pro that was my first real like
gaming GPU and what was really cool
about it was it had a built-in TV tuner
cart so I could game and then I could
plug it into a cable jack and I could
record TV shows like I I had like too on
my computer with my GPU which is wild
right um and it's really too bad that
that all died uh and it basically came
down to the US cable companies not being
willing to support cable cart which was
really unfortunate because that would
have been sick if we could just DVR
everything on our computers but um they
wanted to sell set top boxes that had
that functionality that you paid a
subscription for right and it's funny to
me because all they had to do is just
charge you the subscription fee for the
cable card I would have rather used my
computer for it and had the flexibility
of all those different outputs and you
know powerful Community software or or
even like Windows Media Center Edition
man I loved Windows Media Center Edition
uh but it just yeah didn't take off it's
just really
unfortunate in my mind most people
probably don't
care most people probably Pro probably
over it all right want to hit me again
while we wait for the loading screen
sure good evening lisent team have
gloves been discussed before behind the
scenes Apple leather cloth some stretchy
material open finger perhaps I would
grab a pair for chil gaming or
workouts we did
plan on doing an entire video on it was
either a video on weird gaming
accessories or it was a video on gaming
gloves and we had a whole bunch of them
and I think it kind of ended up in in
video Purgatory where we sourced
everything that we needed for it but
then it was never the best video we
could work on that week and then I think
we were considering moving it to a short
circuit but then I think it's still in a
on the LT shelf so maybe Belle never got
it that that is something that I would
like to do and we intended to do and you
know what we'll do there we'll do it but
we haven't done it yet personally I get
so warm in general that I don't really
need gloves when I'm gaming but hey
everyone's uh everyone's a little
different and however different you may
or may not be you are going to enjoy the
heck out of this sick system I mean look
I I don't have this cranked but we're at
1440p actually this is this is pretty
cranked uh static resolution scaling
Ultra nightmare for the most
part this looks
awesome we have Ray tracing on okay we
are using dlss but we're using quality
dlss and we're getting I don't know
casual 140 frames per second yeah it's
not the most demanding game in the world
or anything like that but it is
absolutely a modern game and it looks
[Music]
fantastic how does it sound how does it
s oh oh we have one more roll that's
right do we have a die how many sides
eight-sided die I gotta I
gotcha that's 10 where's my eight-sided
die come here you oh do we only have one
eight-sided die yeah okay one ided die
that's fine we got this and I've already
made my way through the entire wheel so
whatever we get is what we get this
entire setup will sell for $2 and you
can end up with the L surprise kid safe
head set featuring a volume limiter for
developing ears you could end up with a
g435 wireless or
Bluetooth is this even a headset or is
this just headphones yeah it's a headset
okay sure yeah why not uh 30 bucks you
can end up with Kraken Kitty
Edition oh wow has that meow
Factor um headphones from Razer cool
good job Razer uh there's the Alienware
720 h's not good for the price of
$160
but pretty solid for
$2 we've got the Logitech Pro for the
Quest 2 does the Quest 2 version work
with the regular one isn't it just
headph I
it's I don't know I find out or maybe
not guess we'll find out oh these are
really nice you could get some AKG k7x
X's this is mass drop's first collab
with AKG uh those are those are great
they're comfy they sound awesome oh my
God we're getting into some really
expensive stuff odsy Mobius 400 OD odsy
Mobius is for
$400 very special means nothing more
like odds nuts
um
David low hanging fruit these I legit do
not want to say goodbye to these are the
Mast dropex focal
Alex and they are worth about what was
it 600 or $800
$600 these are super comfy they sound
absolutely flipping incredible uh
they're open backed so the H The Sound
Stage is amazing like they're oh this is
this is as
close I okay I won't say that but this
is one of those pairs of headphones
where it's basically like listening to
really nice speakers in the room with
you that's a really really nice pair of
headphones I would I would rather not
sell them for
$2 I would strongly prefer not to but I
guess
uh yeah I don't know about that my
stomach's already six okay okay all
right I'll allow it that's a really
really nice pair of headphones k7xx is
worth about 250 bucks uh but I don't
have to give up the
Alex this is a very solid setup yeah
it's funny how we didn't end up with
okay we ended up with some garbage tier
stuff the keyboard and mouse are pretty
bad for the SD cards that run the whole
oh yeah cuz they don't get to keep the
SSD they they get the micro SD yeah okay
no never mind there's some this computer
with a red rocket glued to the top of it
okay Dan and the side missing okay Dan
you're not helping I know this is great
job
shush it's a pretty there's some good
things about it how about that can we
all agree on that yep it has redeeming
qualities do you mind plugging this in
absolutely I'm yeah oh sorry not you're
good all right
oh yeah these are some nice
headphones all right let's uh let's try
another game want to hit me with a merch
message Dan sure oh let's see here I
opened the wrong tab hey guys what's
your opinion on CPU anti-bending
brackets this oh CPU like like anti-
boing like I guess so anti-bending
brackets I mean I'm not sure exactly
what product you're referring to uh
anti-bending CPU
bracket oh you L contact frames okay
so like any product that potentially
voids your warranty I would just say uh
proceed with care um it's probable that
your motherboard manufacturer wouldn't
even know if you took off the stock
retention Hardware so realistically you
don't have to tell them if an related
thing goes wrong with your board however
if you bust something so if you're going
to install this thing and you bend some
pins or you're going to install this
thing you accidentally uh you know
scratch the top of the motherboard and
you and you scratch a trace um the
ethical thing to do is to is to that's
that's not covered under warranty that's
not warranty that's that's user error um
so would be to to not try to claim any
kind of warranty coverage but you know
warranty support
aside hey if you can get a little bit
better performance if you can get a
little bit better contact between your
cooler and your CPU especially these
days where that really is the bottleneck
it's not whether we can dissipate the
250 watts of heat or well 400 watts of
heat that you might get out of uh out of
a top tier Intel chip it's how small the
dye is and how efficiently we can move
the heat away from that Dy into your
cooling solution so with that in mind
anything that we can do to improve that
bottleneck is absolutely something that
I would be supportive of I don't know
that I would put one of the am5 ones on
I haven't really seen any difference in
performance as long as you've got a
decent cooler whereas on the Intel side
yeah they they can actually Turbo higher
right out of the box if you've got a top
tier chip um the ones that are really
sketchy are the ones where you deld and
then you've got a frame um if I was not
an advanced user I would only really
consider one of those in a pre-built
system what's cool though is you can
actually get pre-built systems that have
those delited CPUs in
them from select system integrators you
can get them with warranty which is kind
of wild to
me all right Dan hit me sure I'm
apparently downloading
content wow also at some point we'll
want to explain how people can buy this
computer oh yeah I don't know how people
buy the computer why don't we do that
instead of a merge message sure I don't
know exactly but that's part of the fun
uh on the LTT store.com website I
believe if you click the banner after we
make it go live it's not live yet
there'll be a little scavenger hunt you
got to find 10 pieces uh and if you find
the 10 pieces you're going to get a code
where you can check out this computer
for $2 10 pieces of
what okay all right well apparently more
will be evident once the banner goes
live yeah all right rock on good job
everyone all right Dan hit me hey lonus
what is is a big passion project you
really want to do but everyone at LTT
told you not to I mean April
fools David tried to talk me out of the
crazy concept we did for April fools
this week uh or uh this year uh I'm oh
man I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure the
team was close to Mutiny when we did
whole room water cooling it the problem
was that the swifttech fittings and
tubing were not quite properly sized for
each other even though they were both
from swifttech so tightening them like I
might have done permanent damage to my
left hand trying to trying to tighten
those things on it it was really it was
really
awful trying to think can you think of
anything that was like everyone tried to
talk me out
of I mean my whole thing is I end up
being right more often than not like
even when we do really crazy stuff I
you're right like screwdriver was crazy
the amount of money we put into that
that's been a huge success
um I mean the company itself seemed like
a like a crazy bet in the first place
like I uh I don't I don't know like I we
we definitely need more structure to our
decision- making which is why we're
we're bringing experienced leadership in
from outside of the company to to help
us as we grow but when it comes to you
know here's a here's a wild pitch uh gut
feeling
um yeah I'm bad pretty
good I have some but I can't say them on
stream really I'm not going to say that
one stream oh all right all right you
have to tell me after do you want me to
M the audio I'm I'm mostly playing oh um
okay no I'm legitimately curious cuz
like I'll mute you anything we can
anything we can do better you know
no can we dose we have fun we have a lot
of fun we have fun here red flag red
flag red flag red
we have kind of a family run Vibe red
flag red
flag all right let's wait a thousand
years for why did I even launch Halo
infin I don't know why you did I
should I'm over it cyber Punk let's go
perfect oh starting download oh what are
you downloading all right Dan hit me
with another sure hi lonus uh have you
ever visited the Netherlands longtime
fan I have not unfortunately
thank you for asking thank you for
watching presumably from the Netherlands
but I wait hold on where's where's
Amsterdam the Netherlands is that in
Netherlands oh yes I have visited the
Netherlands I totally forgot about that
it it like dawned on me I was like wait
no I stayed for um I st it wasn't quite
a layover I I passed through the
Netherlands on my way to Paris for my
high school graduation trip how long um
I was there for one night that doesn't
count one night is better than like a
playover no no I was I saw the bicycles
okay I got to experience bicycle parades
which I have never seen before and never
seen since no seriously multi-level
bicycle parad it's a thing it's wild it
blew my mind so there yes I have nothing
else to see that's it there's way more
fun there oh I'm sure there's way more
fun stuff to do there I was there with
my mother though ah yes so that should
tell you everything you need your mom
sounds lame about how much of the
Amsterdam fun I would have been having
went to the green light district
yeah and look you know what okay cool
yep anyway yes I have been to the
Netherlands can confirm oh my God cyber
Punk is updating nothing nothing is ever
nothing is ever easy welcome to welcome
to streaming you know what though it's
coming down at a pretty good speed and
oh no up can we kill seven minutes how
many merch messages you got Dan I got
another seven all right I'll try and get
through them in one minute each then
we'll play some cyber Punk see how the
performance is and that'll be it sounds
good hit me thanks for your sacrifices
to your finances
Linkus uh what's the oldest generation
of Intel processor you would recommend
daily driving I'm on a 990x
ooh it depends what you're doing you
know if you're running some kind of
mission critical infrastructure and
we're talking Zeon then all of a sudden
you know Spectre and meltdown
mitigations and and and the latest
firmware updates all of that's going to
matter to me if we're not talking about
that man
quadcore for a gamer these days I don't
know if I can recommend it so I don't
think I can go all the way back to
seventh gen but I think I could I think
I could go back to eighth gen without
too much question as long as I get a six
core chip from eighth gen I would rather
have ninth gen for sure but I would I
would be willing to go eth
Gen hello game master future Dan and L
Sebastian have you found a daily driver
phone laptop combo uh how was the water
cooled $1 million server going and have
you ever thought about upgrading the
gaming minivan to an RV that is three
questions um which is fine so my combo
right now I am in between framework
laptops I think I'm going to be doing a
short circuit soon where I build myself
an AMD framework laptop because that's
what I've been kind of waiting to switch
to I'm very excited about that uh but
right now I'm Still rocking the note 9
I'll treat myself to a new phone at some
point I really man see the thing is
I understand why fairphone was upset
about the review because I evaluated it
as a phone um compared to other phones
that I could buy for that amount of
money as a consumer instead of
evaluating it as a as a as a movement um
and you know I tried to I tried to make
it clear in the video that I was
supportive of what they're trying to do
but that that's not a phone that I could
recommend for that price they were they
were pretty mad um
and and I get it but honestly I was I
was also very disappointed that I wasn't
able to daily drive that because I was
really looking for a device that I could
kind of like my note 9 lock in on set up
all my stuff which for me is
particularly tedious um with some of the
things that as a business owner I have
set up on my phone um and I was hoping
like that was going to be the one for a
lot of years and I could review another
phone here and there but I would always
have that in my back pocket but the
battery life was so bad U the the ringer
was unusable like there were just enough
deal-breaking bugs that I just couldn't
do it um so I'm I don't know I just I
don't I don't find phones very emotional
right now if that kind of makes sense
like apple keeps launching another
iPhone and I really I mean that it's
another iPhone what is Apple launching
this year another iPhone what's what's
emotional about it for me nothing
um I would love to see I'd love to try
daily driving a Sony but I need them to
fix their back button placement um
allowing it to be moved before I can do
that uh I like that they haven't
completely abandoned the headphone jack
like that's something I could have an
emotional connection to it's like yeah I
can I can use my wired headphones with
convenience again I'm not going to carry
an MP3 player with me like that's not
realistic for me I'm a I already I have
enough things in my pockets I I don't
want another heavy thing in my pocket
right um
yeah so so realistically I'm just still
using my note 9 that's it it's it's
broken it's it's actually like kind of
painful now cuz I I'll like have it on
my bed next to me when I'm charging and
it'll like uh It'll like come down to my
arm when I'm sleeping and like a little
like GL sharp glass piece will like kind
of hit my arm I'll be like
ow it's legitimately really bad but uh
yeah I'm I'm using that and then I'm
also using the RG flow x13 this is with
the 7,000 series and I believe it has
what does it have in it like a 4060 or
something like that this is a really
sick laptop so sick for the form factor
yeah I know remember remember that's
going to be that's going to be TDP
limited yeah it's a 4070 in here which
is like okay sure in video okay uh but
it has that XG mobile connection which I
would never recommend anyone actually
spend the money for an XG mobile egpu
but I've seen people do it um it's
really cool and and since they sent over
one as part of our like reviewers kit
for this I do use it from time to time
if I need extra GPU horsepower and it
really convenient so it's a really cool
machine even if it's not one that I
would necessarily want to personally
spend all the money on but like man it's
convertible it's powerful enough to game
especially this this newest one that I
don't even really need the XG mobile
like you could you could just play games
on it and uh the io is solid it's got a
usba a two USB C's HDMI like I I don't
know man it's headphone jack I I kind of
really love this thing um but I will go
back to daily driving a framework if for
no reason other than that
I I take my role as an investor
seriously enough that I want to daily
drive it so that I can provide feedback
on it anything that uh is going well
anything that's not going well to do
whatever I can to kind of keep them on
course cuz you know money changes
everything right they just went through
another funding round and you know every
time they do another funding round and
new money and new investment comes in
they're expecting something and the
thing they're expecting is not good
vibes and changing the industry for the
better
so if nothing else I can just be a voice
in the in the leadership's ear going
right right right right right but
remember remember the original goal and
I'm not saying that they've needed it
they haven't they haven't deviated from
it in the slightest I've been really um
really proud of them I guess for uh for
just being laser focused on that
upgradeability that modularity on
reducing waste uh but I I want to make
sure that I'm still in the ecosystem so
that if I get really frustrated with
their lack of touchscreen options for
example I can share that genuine
response as a longtime user of the
product instead of just it being
a a meeting note for them to talk about
you know I don't know maybe that doesn't
make sense but yeah I I really do want
them to get touchcreen figured out so
got about five more here all right hit
me Dan sure uh how we how we doing on
the end we kind of nearing telling
people how to buy seconds remaining to
launch it go live basically as we end
the stream oh the system's going live
right as we end y man we'll play a
little bit and then we'll we'll go live
and sure okay I got one here answer this
and I'll sub to float plane for a year
says Sam W okay Sam what on Wan show you
said to call out hypocrisy so here it is
you always bash on Twitter SLX but it's
required for almost all of your
giveaways
why because it's really
convenient and note
that I bash on it sure it's a dumpster
fire absolutely but I'm on it and I've
talked about the benefits of it even
though I don't keep the app on my phone
anymore because I found it was taking up
far too much of my time and I don't have
the discipline to not use it um I do
still use it on desktop and it is still
very useful in the same way that
Facebook is very useful I don't have a
Facebook account because I think it's
cool I have a Facebook account because
Facebook is kind of the the modern phone
book like if I wanted to get in touch
with somebody from an earlier part of my
life what I'm going to pick up the white
pages are you kidding me no I'm going to
go on Facebook and I'm going to I'm
going to Ping them and I'm going to be
like hey can can we connect can we DM
right so Twitter is the same thing but
for kind of different subsets of people
if I wanted to get in touch with the
developer of some open source project
the odds of them being on Twitter really
high the odds of them having an email
that's easy to find more like moderate
you get what I mean so Twitter is a
useful tool uh Twitter has a lot of
infrastructure around it for doing
things like running giveaways dumpster
fire
though
absolutely see you on float plane Sam on
Flo plane
uh uh I started to look into more
advanced home automations during the
last few months and and I'm just curious
are there any updates on your smart home
situation since the last
video no it kind of sucks I'm still
waiting on those new switches from inavi
I I I think they're making progress I
hope they're making progress uh they
they're going to use millimeter wave for
presence detection instead of motion
which is really really exciting to me
because they should basically be able to
tell if a human is in the room instead
of being able to tell if someone moved
it's still not going to work for
everything for example in my garage I
have a paint booth that I'm using for my
motorcycle painting project I actually
showed it a little bit in the recent
video where we decorated pl's
car um and I don't I doubt that
millimeter wave is going to be able to
see through that and see me because it
shouldn't be able to pass through pretty
much any object so it won't work for
everything but it'll work way better for
rooms like the family room of sitting
and and and watching a movie for example
so I'm excited about that I have put off
fixing all of my blinds Integrations
because we don't really need to change
them that much and I kind of want to do
it the same time that we do all the
lights so I suspect sometime hopefully
this summer or this Autumn uh Jake and I
are going to sync
up and like get it actually smart
because right now it has a lot of smarts
in it but it's kind of like a it's it's
kind of like a like a like a you know a
a heavyweight boxer's brain you know
there's a lot of brain cells in it but
they don't really work together very
well anymore you
know all right let's see cyberp
Punk time to check this out let's go
gonna head over to you Mr Andrew those
one more one sec get in there nice all
right now it's big uh any advice for an
upand cominging Creator who are strong
on Tik Tok but need to
diversify oh man that's tough because I
gota I gotta confess to you I
don't I don't know Tik Tok I don't I
don't get Tik Tock um like I I see I I
kind of understand I think fundamentally
how the how the monetization works on it
um I kind of I kind of get that what you
want to Target is very high Loop ability
for retention um but I haven't I haven't
lived and breathed the Tik Tok algorithm
I haven't extensively created content
for Tik Tok it's not something that I
have deep familiarity with but what I do
know is that a lot of Tik Tok creators
have had a ton of success moving their
audiences over to YouTube they just have
to figure out you know what that
audience wants to see that also fits in
well with the YouTube platform because
you can't just upload what your Tik Tok
audience wants to see to YouTube and
necessarily expect to have instant
success uh okay here I need this car can
I have this car hey thanks a she's okay
oh my God she has a gun well I mean yeah
that's
wow am I gonna kick that guy out of the
car or what oh no he's he's going to
leave he's going to leave he's leaving
so this is not bad is it running it
perfect
Ray tracing medium with the LSS looking
pretty fly no we're seeing 1% lows in
the neighborhood
of around
20 but it's reasonably smooth remember
our display does support gsync which is
pretty cool so that 20 FPS doesn't look
like 20 FPS it probably looks a little
bit more like
35 classic you know without uh uhoh oh
look tops are here like classic 35
without variable refresh rate okay here
we go here we go here we go no I'm out
of here I'm out of here I'm out of here
see you later oh oh sorry buddy sorry
buddy oh man what what these are we got
like a gang here oh oh I hit a
barricade uh Dan do you have any more
that I should hit before we're done sure
I got two more here umy this a 1440p too
so we're not even running at 1080p yeah
what kind of frames a second are we
getting we're averaging about 55
we're just seeing some some lower dips I
would probably turn off R tracing if I
was actually playing this game looks
from from Ireland I have three kids that
are massive fans me personally I've been
following LTT since 2010 only question I
have to ask is what is your favorite DC
animated movie much love oh I haven't
watched many DC animated movies I only
recently saw mask of the fantasm I
watched the Animated Series occasionally
as a kid but I didn't have my my family
didn't have TV when I was that age and
when Batman the Animated Series was on
TV so I didn't really have an
opportunity to watch it a lot like I
would see it once in a while when I went
over to my friend's house and we were
both being babysitted after school right
um so I only watched mask of the fantasm
like a couple of months ago and that's
probably the only one I've seen so I
guess I'll go with that since it's the
only one I've seen oh wow what the heck
is this buddy calm down and I'm dead all
right Dan you got any more I got one
last one here for you and then the PC is
for sale what we have an 119 10900k was
it 10th gen 11 11 11 11900 K we've got
32 gigs of RAM we've got an
RTX there we go 2080 TI custom color
whoops I don't know what that is is
we've got a Micro SD um SSD that uh
basically you'll have to BYO storage
we've got an 850 watt inwind power
supply NZXT motherboard hyper 212 Evo
CPU we we were getting over 1 130 FPS
and do maternal uh rate tracing medium
1440p we were getting around 6 55 FPS
dipping down to the 20s at the very
lowest we've got a 1440p OLED gaming
monitor that'll do up to 240 HZ these
terrible terrible peripherals but
wonderful headphones and all this can be
yours
for2 us on LTT store.com is plus
shipping uh $50 flat rate shipping plus
$50 flat rate shipping and it will be
going live with a scavenger hunt so
you'll have to click the banner and
complete the scavenger hunt as soon as
we do this last merch message sure all
right hit me Dan thank you for all the
years of entertainment watch your videos
every time I come home the only question
I have do you have anything that you do
daily just for
yourself um
badminton I mean yeah I don't do that
daily I uh crying in the bathroom yeah
hiding in the bathroom I definitely do
that on an almost daily basis just like
hiding on my
phone that's uh
wow that's sad um okay